5	Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
3	Name 11 famous martyrs .
1	What do you call a group of geese ?
3	What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
3	What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
4	How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
1	What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
5	What attracts tourists to Reims ?
3	Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
4	When did the neanderthal man live ?
0	What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
0	How can you tell if someone is lying ?
3	Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
0	What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
5	Where is Glasgow ?
1	What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
4	What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
1	What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
0	What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
3	What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
3	Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
3	Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
1	What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
4	How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
1	Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
1	What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
4	What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1	What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
1	What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1	Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
1	What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
4	What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
1	What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
1	What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
5	What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
1	What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
5	What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
4	When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
1	What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
0	What is Srpska Krajina ?
0	What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
1	What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
0	What does seccession mean ?
1	What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
0	Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3	What is the best Internet business to go into ?
3	Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
1	What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
0	What is different about the red and black fox ?
3	Who made Stonehenge ?
1	What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
1	What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
4	What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
3	What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
4	How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
4	How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
3	What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
3	What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
4	What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
0	What does hazmat stand for ?
0	How do boats float ?
4	How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
3	Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
3	Who made the first gas engine ?
0	How is the element strontium purified ?
0	What does the word terrorism mean ?
3	What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
4	What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
0	What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
3	What civilization invented the arch ?
0	What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
1	What turns blue litmus paper red ?
1	Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
3	Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
3	Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
0	How do I love thee ?
4	What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
3	Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
1	What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
3	Who invented the paper clip ?
0	What are tannins ?
0	What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
4	How many languages does the Pope speak ?
1	What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
5	What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
5	Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
3	Who invented Astroturf ?
3	What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
3	What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
4	How many Marx Brothers were there ?
5	Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
5	Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
1	What is a fear of hair ?
0	What is measured in curies ?
5	What lake is Sheboygan on ?
0	How can I get rich quick ?
5	Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
0	What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
1	What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
5	Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
4	How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
1	What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
2	What is DTMF ?
4	How many corners does a spritsail have ?
1	What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
1	What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
5	What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
4	What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
1	What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
0	What makes sperm ?
3	What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
1	Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
0	What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
4	How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
3	Who owns CNN ?
1	What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
0	What causes rust ?
4	How many Leos have been Pope ?
1	What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
5	Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
4	How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
0	How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
1	What is a fear of sourness ?
5	What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
1	What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
3	What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
1	What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
1	What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
0	What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
5	Name a civil war battlefield .
3	What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
4	In what year was the cannon invented ?
1	What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
5	Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
4	How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
4	How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
4	What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
5	Where did guinea pigs originate ?
4	How many different types of skunks are there ?
5	What countries have the most auto thefts ?
5	What country owns Corsica ?
4	What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
0	What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
0	What are bear and bull markets ?
1	What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
5	Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
1	What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
0	Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
5	Name the country which Honecker lived in .
3	What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
3	What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
5	What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
3	Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
0	How do you select wine ?
3	Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
1	Which ear can most people hear better with ?
4	What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
1	What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
5	What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
0	What are field effect transistors ?
5	What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
4	How tall is kilamanjaro ?
0	What is the nature of learning ?
5	What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
0	Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
0	How do I find a web address for a company ?
3	Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
0	For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
4	What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
0	What does Aaron mean ?
1	What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
3	What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
4	How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
5	What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
5	What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
4	How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
1	What is a fear of points ?
4	How big is the universe actually ?
1	What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
0	How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
5	What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
1	What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
3	What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
3	Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
3	What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
4	What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
5	What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
5	What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
3	What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
3	What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
1	What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
1	What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
0	What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
0	What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
1	What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
3	Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
5	What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
0	What is dry ice ?
0	What does the donation process entail ?
4	What was Einstein 's IQ ?
5	Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
0	What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
4	How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
0	What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
1	What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
1	What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
1	What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
3	Who was the first American world chess champion ?
5	What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
0	How can someone become a federal agent ?
0	How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
1	Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
3	Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
1	What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
5	What country has problems with hooligans ?
3	Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
5	What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
1	What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
3	What was Thatcher 's first name ?
3	What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
3	Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
0	What is false consciousness ?
0	Define the Pheonix Club ?
5	Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
0	Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
3	Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
4	How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
4	How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
0	What is a firewall ?
5	What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
3	Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
0	What is gymnophobia ?
0	What is a bourdon tube ?
0	What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
3	Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3	What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
5	What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
4	How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
1	What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
4	What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
3	Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
0	What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
0	What does gringo mean ?
1	What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
1	What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
5	What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
4	How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
3	What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
1	What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
5	Where is Windsor Castle ?
3	Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
3	Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
1	What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
0	Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
3	What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
1	What are the stars made of ?
0	Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
4	How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
3	What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
3	What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
4	How many objects orbit the Earth ?
1	In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
5	Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
4	What does 7847+5943 equal ?
0	What is a dangling participle ?
1	Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
5	What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
1	Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
1	What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
3	Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
0	How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
0	Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
4	What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
0	Where did the term fireplug come from ?
3	What company sells the most greeting cards ?
1	What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
1	What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
5	What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
3	When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
5	In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
3	What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
2	What does EKG stand for ?
0	What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
0	What is the meaning of Jesus ?
3	Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
0	What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
3	Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
3	Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
4	How many grooves are on a dime ?
4	How big is a quart ?
1	In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
3	Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
4	How many different countries export coffee ?
4	What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
0	What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
0	Why do men snore ?
4	What year did Charles Dicken die ?
3	Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
3	What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
4	What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
1	What foods contain the most protein ?
0	Why are there olives in martinis ?
5	Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
1	What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
1	Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
1	What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
1	What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
0	What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
4	What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
5	What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
0	How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
3	What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
4	What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
1	What money was used by them ?
4	How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
5	Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
4	How old was George Washington when he died ?
3	What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
0	How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
1	What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
3	What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
3	What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
1	What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
1	What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
4	How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
5	What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
5	What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
0	What is e-commerce ?
5	Where is Mozambique located ?
3	Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
0	What causes an earthquake ?
4	What is the average weight for a man ?
1	What are the two languages of Malta ?
3	Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
0	How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
4	How long is human gestation ?
4	What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
1	What is a fear of childbirth ?
0	What are liver enzymes ?
0	What is idealab ! ?
4	How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
5	What is the best online games site ?
5	What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
5	Where is McCarren Airport ?
3	What was called the world 's largest department store ?
3	What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
5	What is the largest museum in the world ?
4	How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
0	What is hydroelectricity ?
0	What is the origin of the name Katie ?
4	The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
4	What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
4	What percentage of the body is muscle ?
4	What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
1	What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
4	What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
3	Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
5	Where are zebras most likely found ?
3	Who was Confucius ?
0	How can I find out my biorhythm ?
5	When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
5	What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
0	What are the Urals ?
1	What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
1	What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
1	What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
0	What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
2	CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
3	Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
0	How does a parachute work ?
5	Where did makeup originate ?
1	What species is a colt ?
3	Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
0	What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
4	What is the world population as of today ?
5	What are the Nordic nations ?
3	What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
4	In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
3	What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
0	What is a storm surge ?
3	What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
1	What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
1	What does a resurrectionist steal ?
0	What is lung cancer ?
5	Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
3	Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
1	What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
0	What causes someone to be ticklish ?
4	When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
1	What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
3	What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
4	How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
5	In what state was the first co-educational college established
4	How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
3	Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
5	What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
0	What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
3	What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
5	What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
5	Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
5	What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
0	Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
0	How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
3	Who was the last woman executed in England ?
3	Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
1	What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
3	Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
0	What is an arab strap ?
0	How was the Kennedy money made ?
5	What county is Chicago in ?
1	The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
3	What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
3	Who invented batteries ?
3	Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
3	Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
1	What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
3	What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
5	Where is Ayer 's rock ?
3	Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
0	What is object-oriented design ?
0	What is a neurosurgeon ?
1	What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
1	What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
5	What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
0	What is hydrogen ?
4	How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
1	What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
1	What is state tree of Nebraska ?
1	What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
0	Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
3	What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
5	What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
1	What are the four elements ?
0	What is narcolepsy ?
4	How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
5	What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
0	How is cologne made ?
0	How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
5	What does the River Seine empty into ?
4	How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
3	Who was Lacan ?
3	Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
3	What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
5	Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
5	What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
3	Who is the fastest guitarist ?
1	What is the largest snake in the world ?
3	What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
3	Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
4	In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
5	Where is Qatar ?
1	Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
4	CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
3	What is the present Pope named ?
3	Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
1	What is your favorite color ?
1	What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
3	Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
4	What was Einstein 's IQ ?
5	What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
0	What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
4	What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
1	What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
5	Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
5	What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
3	Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
0	What 's the state motto of California ?
5	What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
3	Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
1	What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
0	What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
5	Where is your corpus callosum ?
0	What causes pneumonia ?
0	What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
1	What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
1	What is the weakest bone in the body ?
0	What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
3	Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
4	When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
3	Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
0	What is thermal equilibrium ?
1	Name a Sioux language .
0	How do microwaves work ?
0	How did names come about ?
4	How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
3	Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
1	What does a deltiologist collect ?
1	What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
5	What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
0	What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
0	How can you become an FBI agent ?
3	What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
5	What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
4	When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
0	How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
4	How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
0	What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
1	What does a phobophobe fear ?
0	What is an isthmus ?
1	Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
5	What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
5	What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
4	How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
1	What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
2	What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
3	What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
5	What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
3	Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
4	What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
0	How can I stop or slow down aging ?
1	Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
5	What is the longest river in the United States ?
5	What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
1	What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
0	What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
3	Who is Edmund Kemper ?
4	How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
0	How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
0	How do I do this ?
5	Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
1	What is the rarest coin ?
4	What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
5	Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
4	What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
0	Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
3	What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
0	What is the Amish religion ?
4	How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
4	How many member states are in the UN ?
4	How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
4	What is the busiest air travel season ?
3	What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
1	What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
1	What is a fear of going to bed ?
1	What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
5	What are some good medical sites for information ?
4	How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
0	Why is the mile 528 feet ?
0	How does an ion drive work ?
4	How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
0	What is the feudal system ?
5	Where is the highest point in Japan ?
0	What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
3	Who invented the horoscope ?
0	How do anti-locking brakes work ?
