5	Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
3	Name 11 famous martyrs .
1	What do you call a group of geese ?
3	What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
3	What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
4	How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
1	What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
5	What attracts tourists to Reims ?
3	Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
4	When did the neanderthal man live ?
0	What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
0	How can you tell if someone is lying ?
3	Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
0	What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
5	Where is Glasgow ?
1	What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
4	What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
1	What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
0	What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
3	What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
3	Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
3	Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
1	What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
4	How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
1	Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
1	What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
4	What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1	What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
1	What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1	Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
1	What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
4	What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
1	What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
1	What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
5	What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
1	What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
5	What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
4	When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
1	What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
0	What is Srpska Krajina ?
0	What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
1	What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
0	What does seccession mean ?
1	What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
0	Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
3	What is the best Internet business to go into ?
3	Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
1	What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
0	What is different about the red and black fox ?
3	Who made Stonehenge ?
1	What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
1	What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
4	What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
3	What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
