2	Stocks to Open Higher, Oil Still Focus US stocks are expected to open modestly higher Wednesday, as oil prices remain center stage but thin summer volumes are likely to continue.
3	Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle Corp. is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August, citing the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
1	Red Sox lock up playoff spot The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
3	Steroids Harmful for Head Injury Patients By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Giving steroids to reduce brain swelling can be deadly for patients with severe head injuries, according to the largest study ever done on the subject.    The research, which included more than 10,000 patients treated at 239 hospitals in 49 countries, found that 21 percent of those who were given steroids died within two weeks, compared to 18 percent of those given a placebo...
1	Boston #39;s dominant play has curse on life support They are suffering inexplicable breakdowns, and unaccountable disasters. This used to be the Boston Red Sox in October. Now it is the teams they are playing.
2	IBM profits hit by \$320m pensions settlement Technology industry bellwether IBM has reported a healthy rise in net income in the third quarter, but its overall results were hampered by a \$320m legal settlement related to its employee pension plan.
3	How good is UK.gov at its &lt;em&gt;own&lt;/em&gt; security agenda? &lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; Joined-up thinker wanted
3	Brand name isn #39;t always better _ at least when it comes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chances are, if your employees are using Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer to surf the Web or Outlook to check e-mail, your company is more exposed to viruses and spyware, some security experts say.
1	Rain eases to showers ahead of one-day decider Rain is continuing to fall around Brisbane, threatening the deciding match in the Chappell-Hadlee one day series between Australia and New Zealand.
2	Martha Stewart #39;s  #39;Jail Me #39; Request Granted Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum in New York granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to be assigned to a prison camp in Danbury, Connecticut.
2	LVMH First-Half Net Profit Jumps 49 Pct. LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton said Wednesday that first-half net profit soared 49 percent, as its watches and jewelry and selective retailing businesses returned to the black.
1	Parrish, Gore provide push for Miami in defeat of Virginia Roscoe Parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late touchdown pass Saturday as 17th-ranked Miami got back into the ACC title race by beating No.
0	Bush Leads in Race to 270 Electoral Votes (AP) AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.
1	Coughlin Sticks With Manning Despite Woes (AP) AP - Despite horrific struggles in recent weeks, Tom Coughlin still believes that Eli Manning is going to be an outstanding quarterback for the reeling New York Giants.
3	Columnists: The Worst Case Scenario The fine print in an insurance policy becomes an issue when a bizarre chain of IT disasters leaves a company without a single copy of the source code to its flagship product.\
3	NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe's Return (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A team of NASA scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.
1	Miracle in Athens a gold-medal drama ATHENS, Greece -- If you recall, my concerns involved car bombings, kidnappings, beheadings and Al Qaeda. So when the scariest moment of the Olympics involves a defrocked, kilt-wearing Irish priest who tackles 
0	Nerve gas death was 'unlawful' An inquest rules that the death of an airman who died in 1953 after a secret nerve gas experiment was unlawful.
2	Cooper Tire Sells Automotive Unit Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners have agreed to pay \$1.17 billion to acquire Cooper-Standard Automotive by the end of the year.
0	Irish PM says chance for Northern Ireland peace too good to miss (AFP) AFP - The current push to secure peace in Northern Ireland is too good an opportunity to miss through petty political point-scoring, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said.
3	Oddworld Gets Wrathful November 11, 2004 - Electronic Arts announced today that the next game in the Oddworld series, until now known as Oddworld Stranger, is now officially titled Oddworld Stranger #39;s Wrath.
1	Pinsent and crew take rowing honors Matthew Pinsent won his fourth successive Olympic gold medal amid tears of joy and relief yesterday as the British coxless four beat Canada in one of the closest rowing finals ever.
1	Canas struggles, Ferrero out A DETERMINED Guillermo Canas held off a strong early charge from Spain #39;s Guillermo Garcia-Lopez to win his first round clash at the Shanghai ATP event 7-6 6-1 today.
0	Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 35 A huge blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station on Tuesday and Reuters witnesses said at least 35 people were killed.
3	With Russia's Nod, Treaty on Emissions Clears Last Hurdle Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
1	Moyes rallying call to Everton faithful DAVID MOYES will attempt to rid Everton of Wayne Rooney hysteria and focus on keeping the momentum going after last weekend #39;s win at promoted Crystal Palace.
1	Poutiainen Wins But Plays Down Cup Hopes  ALTENMARKT, Austria (Reuters) - Finland's Tanja Poutiainen  snatched back the women's World Cup lead with her third victory  of the Alpine ski season on Sunday but played down her chances  of winning the overall title.
3	Tesco launches music download business Leading supermarket chain Tesco has launched a music download service, entering a market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iTunes.
1	Meyer accepts coaching job at Florida GAINSVILLE, Florida (Ticker) - Urban Meyer has chosen old friend Bernie Machen over his former friends at Notre Dame. On Saturday, Florida announced that Meyer has accepted an offer to replace Ron Zook as the school #39;s 21st football coach.
0	Area's Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol Despite Arafat's flaws, area residents say the leader represented struggle of the state.
2	Aer Lingus redundancy deadline this evening Employees at Aer Lingus have until 5pm this afternoon to accept a voluntary redundancy package aimed at slashing the airline #39;s staff numbers by a third.
2	Barrick Gold Earnings Fall on Lower Sales Barrick Gold Corp., the world #39;s second-largest producer of gold, reported slightly lower third-quarter earnings due to lower sales and higher costs, partly offset by higher gold prices.
2	Mixed bag for Putnam Marsh chief's exit met with relief, concern For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet.
1	MLB announces 11-year deal with XM Satellite Radio com. Major League Baseball has expanded its availability to fans everywhere in yet another important way, announcing on Wednesday an 11-year, \$650 million agreement with XM Satellite Radio 
2	Partners said to support Lazard IPO Memo says offering has support, muting talk that some fear IPO will give bank head too much power. LONDON (Reuters) - Head of Lazard Bruce Wasserstein has  quot;near unanimous support quot; from the working partners 
0	Annan rejects Iraq oil bribe claim Kofi Annan rejects claims that France and Russia might have been willing to ease sanctions on Iraq in return for oil.
0	Pakistan must stop terror: PM tells Musharraf NEW YORK: Upbeat over his meeting with President Pervez Musharraf, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he did raise the issue of terrorism with him and made it clear that Pakistan has to control the menace as a  quot;pre-condition quot; for moving forward on the 
0	Swiss 'reject' citizenship reform Swiss voters appear to have rejected proposals to relax the country's strict  naturalisation laws.
3	Linux: the enemy of my enemy is... my enemy Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.
0	FDA Whistleblower Earns Kudos, Criticism (AP) AP - David Graham says he was surprised by the reception he got back at his Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had allowed unsafe drugs to remain on the market.
2	IBM #39;s profit growth shows tech recovery hanging on IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
3	Google Books and GMail Plans Google Books and GMail Plans\\Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble. It has decided to get into book selling business. The service is called Google ...
1	Mack pulls off a last-gasp victory ATHENS, Greece -- American pole vaulter Timothy Mack pulled off a last-gasp clearance at an Olympic record height of 5.95 meters to take the title in Athens.
3	WebEx Mixes Meetings With Sales Force Automation WebEx Communications is one of the pioneers of real-time collaboration applications. In fact, to many companies the name WebEx is synonymous with online meetings.
2	Private Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3 Bln  PARIS (Reuters) - Four private equity firms plan to buy  Bermuda-based Intelsat for about \$3 billion, the world's  second-largest satellite operator said on Monday.
2	United hopes debt plan will fly United Airlines reached an agreement with creditors that, if approved, could eliminate \$450 million of debt. The agreement concerns \$600 million in municipal bond debt 
0	Dignitaries arrive for wedding of Brunei #39;s crown prince _ Royalty and dignitaries from around the world filled the palace Thursday for the marriage of Brunei #39;s crown prince to a 17-year-old half-Swiss commoner in what was likely to be Asia #39;s wedding of the year.
1	Chinese GP new star of F1 circuit Rubens Barrichello #39;s start-to-finish win - holding off the double challenge of young guns Jenson Button and Kimi Raikkonen - enthralled genuine sports fans and undoubtedly had the marketing men rubbing their hands as the sport sunk its claws into China #39;s 
0	Troops ready for Mosul after Fallujah US-backed Iraqi commandos were poised Friday to storm rebel strongholds in the northern city of Mosul, as US military commanders said they had  quot;broken the back quot; of the insurgency with their assault on the former rebel bastion of Fallujah.
0	U.S. Forces Strike Targets in Iraq U.S. military attacked a suspected safe house in Fallujah on Thursday. Intelligence reports indicated the site was being used Zarqawi loyalists to plan attacks against U.S. troops and Iraqis.
1	Ross returns home as Vikings assistant Kevin Ross knows a thing or two about how rowdy Eagles fans can get for a Monday night game at Lincoln Financial Field. Now an assistant defensive backs coach for the Minnesota Vikings, Ross 
0	Australian PM Howard calls general election on October 9 (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard called a general election for October 9 with his conservative government trailing well behind the opposition Labor Party in opinion polls.
0	Niche Publications Capture White House Contenders (Reuters) Reuters - Do U.S. voters really care that\George W. Bush's favorite gun is the Winchester his father gave\him, or that John Kerry likes fishing for blues and stripers?\Millions might, which means candidates will keep talking to\niche publications like Field   Stream.
3	Feds Indict 19 of Online ID Theft Charges (AP) AP - Federal authorities on Thursday indicted 19 people in the United States and abroad on charges related to a Web site investigators claimed was one of the largest online centers for trafficking in stolen identity information and credit cards.
0	Vancouver mayor says he wants Ottawa's permission for safe inhalation site (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - If Health Canada agrees, Vancouver crack addicts could have a safe place to inhale their drugs within the city's pioneer safe injection site.
2	Summary: Coke Scales Back Growth Goals REVIEW RESULTS: Coca-Cola Co. lowered its targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America.
3	Study: Bears Kill More Elk Than Wolves (AP) AP - Grizzly and black bears killed a majority of elk calves in northern Yellowstone National Park for the second year in a row, preliminary study results show.
1	Glazer bid foundered on control condition Cubic Expression #39;s main objection to the Glazer family #39;s 300p-per-share bid for its 29 per cent stake in Manchester United was that the bid was not unconditional.
1	Ferrero, Moya to Lead Davis Cup Team (AP) AP - Former No. 1s and French Open champions Juan Carlos Ferrero and Carlos Moya will lead Spain against the United States in next month's Davis Cup final.
0	Iran Says Provisional Nuke Pact Reached (AP) AP - Iran and European nations reached a provisional agreement over Iran's nuclear program at talks aimed at avoiding a U.N. showdown, but all parties involved still must approve it, Iran's chief negotiator said Sunday.
2	Fisher Paykel strategic buy FISHER  amp; Paykel Appliance Holdings will further expand in the United States, after today announcing the acquisition of US stove and BBQ maker Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc (DCS) for a total of \$NZ83.
1	Garcia, offense can #39;t recover They suffered through a rough start against Baltimore in the season opener a week ago, but because they hung in there and just kept grinding away, things gradually 
2	Audi Canada recalling 2,432 vehicles over possible throttle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AJAX, Ont. (CP) - Audi Canada is voluntarily recalling 2,432 of its A6 models in Canada from model years 1998 and 1999 over possible freezing of the throttle at low temperatures.
2	Delta pilots agree to talk on retirements Delta Air Lines #39; pilot union has agreed to negotiate the early retirement issue that the company says could lead it into bankruptcy if it is not settled by the end of this month.
1	Notre Dame firing Willingham doesn #39;t hold a candle to Kevin #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That photo above is no longer accurate. I #39;ve shaven my head to protest the firing of ... Kevin from The Apprentice. Dude has a bachelor #39;s from Penn, an MBA from Emory and is working on a law degree from the 
0	Concern over N Korea missile test Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North is preparing a missile test.
3	Scramjet record attempt delayed by 24 hours NASA #39;s attempt to break world speed records with its X-43A scramjet test plane was postponed on Monday due to concerns over faulty instrumentation.
1	Athens champion album - Aug. 21 (1) Britain #39;s Yngling crew Shirley Robertson (M), Sarah Webb (R) and Sarah Ayton celebrate at award ceremony after winning the first title at the Athens Olympic Games on August 21, 2004.
2	Dollar Higher Vs Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar rose against the yen on  Tuesday on weaker than expected Japanese output figures, but  traders said that recent heavy selling of the U.S. currency had  not ended.
0	Putin: Russia Developing New Kind of Nuclear Missile Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country is developing a new type of nuclear missile. Mr. Putin spoke at an annual meeting of the armed forces #39; senior leadership.
0	Beijing Accused of Meddling in HK Elections Hong Kong media and a rights group accused Beijing on Thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro-democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
3	Tech revival gains oomph with Microsoft earnings (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft said Thursday that its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
1	Woods insists defeat hurts Tiger Woods insisted defeat in the Ryder Cup hurt following questions over his commitment to the event. The American won just two points in the 18-9 loss to Europe.
1	Howard returns to England; Keller expected to start for US Panama City, Panama (Sports Network) - United States men #39;s national team goalkeeper Tim Howard has returned to England, despite the squad #39;s scheduled match on Wednesday against Panama.
2	Tech Stocks Higher as Intel Lifts Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks rose on Monday as  semiconductor companies returned to favor on Wall Street, led  by Intel Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, and helped lift major indexes.
3	Agency: Calif. Water Shift Won't Hurt Fish (AP) AP - A federal agency ruled Friday that shifting more Northern California water to Southern California will not jeopardize five threatened or endangered species of fish.
1	Kobe Defense Opposes Releasing Statements (AP) AP - Defense attorneys argued that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the NBA star was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret because it is not yet certain they will be used in his trial.
1	Moyes insists nothing changed despite Everton revolution Few would have believed that Everton would enter Saturday #39;s 200th Merseyside derby with Liverpool seeking second place in the premier league.
2	Some 200,000 rally against Dutch austerity measures (AFP) AFP - Some 200,000 people rallied in Amsterdam against the govenrment's controversial austerity and reform measures in the city's biggest demonstration in two decades.
3	Enter your e-mail: According to wire reports, Sony has finally decided to support MP3s in some of its future digital music players. Hey, better super-duper late than never.
3	Britain seeks wave power Denmark catches the most wind for power. Japan absorbs the most sun. Now Britain wants to rule the waves. Wave and tidal stream machines are the latest exploratory technology 
3	Amazons A9 Web search makes debut SAN FRANCISCO - Amazon.com Inc. unveiled the new version of its Web search service on Wednesday in a move that could portend a long-anticipated clash between online retailers and search providers like Google Inc.
3	Oracle creates hosting program for ISVs Oracle Corp. has launched a program for independent software vendors (ISVs) that build Oracle-based applications and that want to get into the application hosting and management business but lack the resources to do so.
1	Roundup: Williams upset in Kremlin Cup Venus Williams was upset by unseeded Elena Bovina 6-3, 6-2, in a Kremlin Cup quarterfinal Friday that lasted little more than an hour.
1	Auburn Defeats Virginia Tech in Sugar Bowl  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - Auburn's defense solidified  its status as one of the nation's toughest, despite a late-game  scare, and the Tigers completed the first perfect season in  school history with a 16-13 Sugar Bowl victory over Virginia  Tech on Monday night.
0	Israeli Missile Kills Palestinian in Gaza Strip (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a\house in Gaza's Jabalya refugee camp Sunday, killing one\Palestinian and wounding four others, witnesses said.
3	Hurricanes may have upset NASA #39;s schedule Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week #39;s worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
2	Storms, late holiday contributed to largest drop in 3 years WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The number of workers filing for state unemployment benefits plunged by 44,000 in the week ending Sept. 4 to 319,000, the Labor Department said Thursday.
2	Dollar Gets a Reprieve From Its Steep Losses Traders expect the dollar's rebound to be short-lived because of persistent concerns about the United States' huge trade and budget deficits.
2	Brown-Forman Earnings Jump 67 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown-Forman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BFb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BFb.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox  china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent  jump in earnings as aggressive marketing boosted sales of  premium spirits and new wines.
2	Microsoft profit up 11 percent Microsoft made almost \$3 billion in profit in the past quarter, but it was Google that captured investors #39; fancy yesterday. The current and former Wall Street darlings reported their earnings after the stock 
0	SUMMIT ON IVORY COAST CRISIS November 15, 2004 -- ABUJA, Nigeria - West African leaders held a crisis summit yesterday over unrest in Ivory Coast, as the beleaguered country #39;s president took a tough stance, sacking his army chief and installing a more hard-line officer in his place 
3	Trash Your Xerox If there were a contest for world #39;s worst corporate slogan,  quot;Technology/Document Management/Consulting Services quot; would definitely make the top 10.
0	India Launches First Education Satellite India #39;s space agency said it successfully launched the nation #39;s first satellite for educational services on Monday, which is expected to boost distance learning in a country with a huge rural population.
1	In badminton, two deserving champions ATHENS As they lunged and lobbed with astonishing skill on Thursday, it was difficult to know whose personal journey had made them the worthier Olympic women #39;s badminton champion. 
1	Puzzled by the board game When it comes to rebounding and the Celtics, the more things change, the more they stay the same. In the first two games of the season, the Celtics struggled on the glass after briefly improving their performance in that area during the preseason.
2	UPDATE 1-Judge approves settlement on CBOT ownership stakes An Illinois judge on Monday approved a deal on how to carve up ownership of the Chicago Board of Trade, the oldest US futures exchange.
0	Signs of Discord as Indo-Pakistan Ministers Meet  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Signs of discord emerged between  India and Pakistan as foreign ministers from the nuclear-armed  rivals met on Sunday to review and advance a peace process that  has faltered recently over Kashmir.
1	A winsa win NEW YORK - With a shot at claiming the No. 1 ranking, Amelie Mauresmo engaged Elena Dementieva in a contest called, Anything you can do, I can do worse.
2	Verizon Catches the NextWave Arguably the longest running soap-opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ) announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized 
0	UN Envoy: Darfur Sliding Toward Anarchy Warning that Darfur is descending into anarchy, the top UN envoy to Sudan urged the Security Council Thursday to quickly deploy African troops to deter violence and speed up peace talks 
0	Palestinian presidential candidate says Israeli soldiers beat him RAMALLAH - Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti said on Wednesday that Israeli soldiers had beat him at an army checkpoint south of Jenin in the West Bank.
2	Riggs Bank Replaces Its Chief Legal Officer Riggs has replaced Joseph M. Cahill as part the ongoing fallout from a recent internal investigation into failures to abide by federal laws designed to prevent money laundering.
2	Iraq Clears Debt, Opens Way for Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iraq cleared around \$81 million in  debt it owed the International Monetary Fund late last week,  fund sources said on Monday, opening the way for the first aid  to flow from the global lender to Iraq.
2	WPP to bid for Grey Global today WPP and a US buyout firm will submit offers for US ad agency Grey Global today, while France #39;s Havas faces opposition to its bid from one of 
0	Powell Tackles Illegal Immigrant Issue (AP) AP - An end to the U.S. political season coupled with enhanced border security has significantly improved the climate in the United States for comprehensive immigration reform, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
3	A Sailor Man, 75, Gets a Digital Nip and Tuck This week, Popeye made his debut as a computer-generated 3-D character in a 44-minute movie called "Popeye's Voyage: The Quest for Pappy," available on DVD.
2	GM Europe cuts 12,000 jobs The General Motors #39; European unit accepted a deal Thursday to cut as many as 12,000 jobs to end four years of revenue losses, the BBC reported.
0	US jets strike insurgent meetings in Fallujah US troops took dead aim at an al Qaeda members in Iraq, launching attacks on the city of Fallujah -- while the capital coped with two more car bomb attacks.
1	Van Nistelrooy charged over Cole tackle Ruud van Nistelrooy has been charged with serious foul play for a tackle on Ashley Cole during Manchester United #39;s 2-0 victory over Arsenal.
3	Spammers exploit anti-spam trap Some spammers are getting their messages through using techniques designed to spot and stop them. A survey shows that spammers are the biggest users of a technique designed to find out if e-mail comes from the net address it says it does.
1	FA investigate Stanford Bridge crowd chaos The Football Association has started an investigation into crowd trouble at Chelsea #39;s League Cup match with West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
2	Nintendo cuts price on Game Boy Advance Nintendo Co. has permanently slashed prices on its Game Boy Advance SP portable video game system as the company tries to entrench its No.
0	Kerry slams Cheney as "Minister of Disinformation" over weapons drama (AFP) AFP - John Kerry slammed Vice President Dick Cheney as  quot;Minister of Disinformation, quot; and accused the White House of  quot;dodging and bobbing and weaving quot; to evade blame over missing explosives in Iraq.
0	Thai PM Says Will Punish  #39;Wrongdoers #39; Over Deaths Bomb blasts rocked southern Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in military custody and punish any  quot;wrongdoers.
0	Alitalia Reportedly to Cut 5,000 Jobs (AP) AP - Italy's flagship air carrier Alitalia plans to cut 5,000 jobs as part of restructuring efforts aimed at averting collapse, news reports and an industry source said Monday.
0	Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands 
2	Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Scraps Revenue Forecast (Update5) Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. posted a fiscal third-quarter loss of \$3 million on costs to close stores after same-store sales fell for the first time as a public company.
1	Toshack #39;s big plans for Wales John Toshack will leave no stone unturned in his quest to build a Wales team capable of qualifying for the World Cup and European Championships.
1	Gibbs Returns with Win as Redskins Edge Buccaneers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a  touchdown and had 164 yards rushing as the Washington Redskins  used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10  on Joe Gibbs' NFL return Sunday.
