2	Stocks to Open Higher, Oil Still Focus US stocks are expected to open modestly higher Wednesday, as oil prices remain center stage but thin summer volumes are likely to continue.
3	Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle Corp. is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August, citing the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
1	Red Sox lock up playoff spot The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
3	Steroids Harmful for Head Injury Patients By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Giving steroids to reduce brain swelling can be deadly for patients with severe head injuries, according to the largest study ever done on the subject.    The research, which included more than 10,000 patients treated at 239 hospitals in 49 countries, found that 21 percent of those who were given steroids died within two weeks, compared to 18 percent of those given a placebo...
1	Boston #39;s dominant play has curse on life support They are suffering inexplicable breakdowns, and unaccountable disasters. This used to be the Boston Red Sox in October. Now it is the teams they are playing.
2	IBM profits hit by \$320m pensions settlement Technology industry bellwether IBM has reported a healthy rise in net income in the third quarter, but its overall results were hampered by a \$320m legal settlement related to its employee pension plan.
3	How good is UK.gov at its &lt;em&gt;own&lt;/em&gt; security agenda? &lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; Joined-up thinker wanted
3	Brand name isn #39;t always better _ at least when it comes to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chances are, if your employees are using Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer to surf the Web or Outlook to check e-mail, your company is more exposed to viruses and spyware, some security experts say.
1	Rain eases to showers ahead of one-day decider Rain is continuing to fall around Brisbane, threatening the deciding match in the Chappell-Hadlee one day series between Australia and New Zealand.
2	Martha Stewart #39;s  #39;Jail Me #39; Request Granted Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum in New York granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to be assigned to a prison camp in Danbury, Connecticut.
2	LVMH First-Half Net Profit Jumps 49 Pct. LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton said Wednesday that first-half net profit soared 49 percent, as its watches and jewelry and selective retailing businesses returned to the black.
1	Parrish, Gore provide push for Miami in defeat of Virginia Roscoe Parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late touchdown pass Saturday as 17th-ranked Miami got back into the ACC title race by beating No.
0	Bush Leads in Race to 270 Electoral Votes (AP) AP - In a seesaw campaign, President Bush has opened a lead over John Kerry in their drive to White House victory by making gains in the Midwest and solidifying his Southern base.
1	Coughlin Sticks With Manning Despite Woes (AP) AP - Despite horrific struggles in recent weeks, Tom Coughlin still believes that Eli Manning is going to be an outstanding quarterback for the reeling New York Giants.
3	Columnists: The Worst Case Scenario The fine print in an insurance policy becomes an issue when a bizarre chain of IT disasters leaves a company without a single copy of the source code to its flagship product.\
3	NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe's Return (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A team of NASA scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.
1	Miracle in Athens a gold-medal drama ATHENS, Greece -- If you recall, my concerns involved car bombings, kidnappings, beheadings and Al Qaeda. So when the scariest moment of the Olympics involves a defrocked, kilt-wearing Irish priest who tackles 
0	Nerve gas death was 'unlawful' An inquest rules that the death of an airman who died in 1953 after a secret nerve gas experiment was unlawful.
2	Cooper Tire Sells Automotive Unit Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners have agreed to pay \$1.17 billion to acquire Cooper-Standard Automotive by the end of the year.
0	Irish PM says chance for Northern Ireland peace too good to miss (AFP) AFP - The current push to secure peace in Northern Ireland is too good an opportunity to miss through petty political point-scoring, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said.
3	Oddworld Gets Wrathful November 11, 2004 - Electronic Arts announced today that the next game in the Oddworld series, until now known as Oddworld Stranger, is now officially titled Oddworld Stranger #39;s Wrath.
1	Pinsent and crew take rowing honors Matthew Pinsent won his fourth successive Olympic gold medal amid tears of joy and relief yesterday as the British coxless four beat Canada in one of the closest rowing finals ever.
1	Canas struggles, Ferrero out A DETERMINED Guillermo Canas held off a strong early charge from Spain #39;s Guillermo Garcia-Lopez to win his first round clash at the Shanghai ATP event 7-6 6-1 today.
0	Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 35 A huge blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station on Tuesday and Reuters witnesses said at least 35 people were killed.
3	With Russia's Nod, Treaty on Emissions Clears Last Hurdle Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
1	Moyes rallying call to Everton faithful DAVID MOYES will attempt to rid Everton of Wayne Rooney hysteria and focus on keeping the momentum going after last weekend #39;s win at promoted Crystal Palace.
1	Poutiainen Wins But Plays Down Cup Hopes  ALTENMARKT, Austria (Reuters) - Finland's Tanja Poutiainen  snatched back the women's World Cup lead with her third victory  of the Alpine ski season on Sunday but played down her chances  of winning the overall title.
3	Tesco launches music download business Leading supermarket chain Tesco has launched a music download service, entering a market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iTunes.
1	Meyer accepts coaching job at Florida GAINSVILLE, Florida (Ticker) - Urban Meyer has chosen old friend Bernie Machen over his former friends at Notre Dame. On Saturday, Florida announced that Meyer has accepted an offer to replace Ron Zook as the school #39;s 21st football coach.
0	Area's Palestinians Mourn Loss of a Symbol Despite Arafat's flaws, area residents say the leader represented struggle of the state.
2	Aer Lingus redundancy deadline this evening Employees at Aer Lingus have until 5pm this afternoon to accept a voluntary redundancy package aimed at slashing the airline #39;s staff numbers by a third.
2	Barrick Gold Earnings Fall on Lower Sales Barrick Gold Corp., the world #39;s second-largest producer of gold, reported slightly lower third-quarter earnings due to lower sales and higher costs, partly offset by higher gold prices.
2	Mixed bag for Putnam Marsh chief's exit met with relief, concern For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet.
1	MLB announces 11-year deal with XM Satellite Radio com. Major League Baseball has expanded its availability to fans everywhere in yet another important way, announcing on Wednesday an 11-year, \$650 million agreement with XM Satellite Radio 
2	Partners said to support Lazard IPO Memo says offering has support, muting talk that some fear IPO will give bank head too much power. LONDON (Reuters) - Head of Lazard Bruce Wasserstein has  quot;near unanimous support quot; from the working partners 
0	Annan rejects Iraq oil bribe claim Kofi Annan rejects claims that France and Russia might have been willing to ease sanctions on Iraq in return for oil.
0	Pakistan must stop terror: PM tells Musharraf NEW YORK: Upbeat over his meeting with President Pervez Musharraf, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he did raise the issue of terrorism with him and made it clear that Pakistan has to control the menace as a  quot;pre-condition quot; for moving forward on the 
0	Swiss 'reject' citizenship reform Swiss voters appear to have rejected proposals to relax the country's strict  naturalisation laws.
3	Linux: the enemy of my enemy is... my enemy Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.
0	FDA Whistleblower Earns Kudos, Criticism (AP) AP - David Graham says he was surprised by the reception he got back at his Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had allowed unsafe drugs to remain on the market.
2	IBM #39;s profit growth shows tech recovery hanging on IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
3	Google Books and GMail Plans Google Books and GMail Plans\\Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble. It has decided to get into book selling business. The service is called Google ...
1	Mack pulls off a last-gasp victory ATHENS, Greece -- American pole vaulter Timothy Mack pulled off a last-gasp clearance at an Olympic record height of 5.95 meters to take the title in Athens.
3	WebEx Mixes Meetings With Sales Force Automation WebEx Communications is one of the pioneers of real-time collaboration applications. In fact, to many companies the name WebEx is synonymous with online meetings.
2	Private Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3 Bln  PARIS (Reuters) - Four private equity firms plan to buy  Bermuda-based Intelsat for about \$3 billion, the world's  second-largest satellite operator said on Monday.
2	United hopes debt plan will fly United Airlines reached an agreement with creditors that, if approved, could eliminate \$450 million of debt. The agreement concerns \$600 million in municipal bond debt 
0	Dignitaries arrive for wedding of Brunei #39;s crown prince _ Royalty and dignitaries from around the world filled the palace Thursday for the marriage of Brunei #39;s crown prince to a 17-year-old half-Swiss commoner in what was likely to be Asia #39;s wedding of the year.
1	Chinese GP new star of F1 circuit Rubens Barrichello #39;s start-to-finish win - holding off the double challenge of young guns Jenson Button and Kimi Raikkonen - enthralled genuine sports fans and undoubtedly had the marketing men rubbing their hands as the sport sunk its claws into China #39;s 
0	Troops ready for Mosul after Fallujah US-backed Iraqi commandos were poised Friday to storm rebel strongholds in the northern city of Mosul, as US military commanders said they had  quot;broken the back quot; of the insurgency with their assault on the former rebel bastion of Fallujah.
0	U.S. Forces Strike Targets in Iraq U.S. military attacked a suspected safe house in Fallujah on Thursday. Intelligence reports indicated the site was being used Zarqawi loyalists to plan attacks against U.S. troops and Iraqis.
1	Ross returns home as Vikings assistant Kevin Ross knows a thing or two about how rowdy Eagles fans can get for a Monday night game at Lincoln Financial Field. Now an assistant defensive backs coach for the Minnesota Vikings, Ross 
0	Australian PM Howard calls general election on October 9 (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard called a general election for October 9 with his conservative government trailing well behind the opposition Labor Party in opinion polls.
0	Niche Publications Capture White House Contenders (Reuters) Reuters - Do U.S. voters really care that\George W. Bush's favorite gun is the Winchester his father gave\him, or that John Kerry likes fishing for blues and stripers?\Millions might, which means candidates will keep talking to\niche publications like Field   Stream.
3	Feds Indict 19 of Online ID Theft Charges (AP) AP - Federal authorities on Thursday indicted 19 people in the United States and abroad on charges related to a Web site investigators claimed was one of the largest online centers for trafficking in stolen identity information and credit cards.
0	Vancouver mayor says he wants Ottawa's permission for safe inhalation site (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - If Health Canada agrees, Vancouver crack addicts could have a safe place to inhale their drugs within the city's pioneer safe injection site.
2	Summary: Coke Scales Back Growth Goals REVIEW RESULTS: Coca-Cola Co. lowered its targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America.
3	Study: Bears Kill More Elk Than Wolves (AP) AP - Grizzly and black bears killed a majority of elk calves in northern Yellowstone National Park for the second year in a row, preliminary study results show.
1	Glazer bid foundered on control condition Cubic Expression #39;s main objection to the Glazer family #39;s 300p-per-share bid for its 29 per cent stake in Manchester United was that the bid was not unconditional.
1	Ferrero, Moya to Lead Davis Cup Team (AP) AP - Former No. 1s and French Open champions Juan Carlos Ferrero and Carlos Moya will lead Spain against the United States in next month's Davis Cup final.
0	Iran Says Provisional Nuke Pact Reached (AP) AP - Iran and European nations reached a provisional agreement over Iran's nuclear program at talks aimed at avoiding a U.N. showdown, but all parties involved still must approve it, Iran's chief negotiator said Sunday.
