2	China to suspend share flotations The Chinese Government is to suspend all share flotations for a month in order to try to stop a stock market slide and revive interest in future floats.
1	Sweden's Stenson Holds Firm to Win Heritage Title  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Sweden's Henrik Stenson ended a  three-year barren spell with a four-stroke victory in The  Heritage on Sunday to take his second European Tour title.
1	Brown becomes ugly American Larry Brown couldn #39;t help himself, or the reputation of his country. He could have watched the clock wind down, accept the victory, but instead he had to be so very American.
2	Air China raises \$8.3b with high-end price Air China, the country #39;s largest airline, will raise HK\$8.36 billion after pricing its Hong Kong and London initial public offering (IPO) at the high end of its price range, sources said.
2	EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source Oracle Corp (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is likely to win clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc.
3	Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip\business, marking a retreat from a major component of its\consumer electronics initiative.
3	Sony to support MP3 in future players Sony #39;s apparently gotten the message: Some of its new MP3 player models will feature direct support for MP3 in addition to its proprietary ATRAC format.
0	Troops to Iraq may be cut US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said yesterday the number of troops in Iraq could be cut after the January elections in that country.
2	As Oil Price Soars, Markets Chill Weak chain-store sales, stumbling job growth and more record oil prices were too much for Wall Street #39;s bulls to bear last week.
3	Nanotechnology May Change Energy Industry (AP) AP - BISMARCK, N.D.  #151; Jack Uldrich says his stain-resistant pants are just the beginning for a technology that could someday be used to create cell phones so small they can be sewn into clothes and enhance electrical transmission through power lines.
3	Scientists Say Mauna Loa Volcano May Soon Erupt KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) -- Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.    "We don't believe an eruption is right around the corner, but every day that goes by is one day closer to that event," said Paul Okubo, a seismologist at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on the Big Island...
0	Enhancing Party #39;s governance capability is of vital importance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; To enhance the governance capability of the Communist Party of China (CPC) is vital to China #39;s socialist cause, the Chinese nation and the CPC itself, says the CPC Central 
2	Finance ministers meeting in US Global finance ministers gather in Washington for simultaneous meetings of the G7, World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
1	Hornets Stand in Way Howard, at 6-4 overall and 3-3 in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference, can clinch a winning record in the MEAC with a win over Delaware State on Saturday.
3	Microsoft Crawling Google Results For New Search Engine? I was questioned today by a developer who was watching a particular IP address scan his site. The IP was 65.54.188.86 and is registered to Microsoft Corp.
1	Redskins #39; Taylor Arrested on DUI Charge Photo released Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004 by the Fairfax County, Va. Police Department of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor who was arrested Thursday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing 
0	India announces troop reductions in Kashmir India #39;s prime minister ordered a reduction in the number of troops in the disputed Muslim-majority state of Kashmir last night, breathing new life into a peace process with Pakistan.
0	White House to Appeal Guantanamo Ruling (AP) AP - The Bush administration served official notice Friday that it will appeal a judge's ruling that stopped proceedings in the first trial by a military commission of an alleged al-Qaida member.
1	Eastman rebuffs Sendra jibe European middleweight champion Howard Eastman has stepped up his war of words ahead of his fight with Spain #39;s Jorge Sendra on 24 September.
3	American Indians Set to Manage U.S. Bison Refuge (Reuters) Reuters - American Indians are poised to take a\step back into history when they begin managing portions of the\nearly 100-year-old National Bison Range in Montana, officials\said on Tuesday.
3	Cybercriminals use  #39;bot #39; to strike terror Tech-savvy criminals increasingly are using large networks of computers to spread viruses, send spam and steal sensitive information, according to a new Internet threat report scheduled to be released today.
1	Montgomery Doping Hearing Set for Early November World 100 meters record holder Tim Montgomery will appear before the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) in San Francisco in the first week of November for a hearing over a possible life ban for doping.
3	Lycos Fights Spam With DDOS Lycos Europe has recently joined the fight against spam by releasing a screensaver as part of its "Make Love Not Spam" campaign, which uses its participants machines to bombard websites that advertise through spam e-mails with data, effectively launching a distributed denial of service attack against them, with the intent being to push up bandwidth bills of the spammers who operate these websites.    Is this an effective new front in the battle against spam?
1	Ft Chelsea 1 West Ham 0 Chelsea were awarded a penalty in the 77th minute when Tomas Repka clearly brought down Robben despite the heated protests from the disgruntled West Ham players.
0	Pennsylvania Avenue walkable again (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A redesigned pedestrian mall on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House opened to the public Tuesday.
1	Sfa Eye Euro 2008 The Scottish Football Association have confirmed their interest in staging Euro 2008 if UEFA are not satisfied with the preparations being made by Austria and Switzerland.
0	Bird Flu Will Take Several Years To Contain In Asia PENANG (MALAYSIA), AUG 23: The deadly H5N1 strain of Bird Flu will take several years to contain, the WHO warned on Monday, adding that claims in China that the virus was found in pigs is a worrying new development.
3	Microsoft Rolls Out MSN Search Beta Software giant says the final version will be available next year.
2	Jack in the Box Profit Surges 32 Percent SAN DIEGO - Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent as sales rose sharply, operating margins improved and the tax rate sank.
2	Ellison May Attempt Boardroom Coup at PeopleSoft Following its latest rejection, the next stage in Oracle #39;s battle to buy PeopleSoft is set to begin in a courtroom on Wednesday.
1	Tennis: Agassi is mastered by Safin ANDRE Agassi will not be able to repeat the triumph he enjoyed in the Madrid Masters two years ago following his semi-final defeat to Marat Safin.
0	Netanyahu Presses for Referendum After Knesset Approves Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an  quot;historic quot; vote in the Knesset Tuesday evening for his disengagement plan, but the uprooting of Jewish communities in Gaza is still far from a done deal after Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu immediately led a 
3	Apple To Expand European iTunes Presence  quot;We are well on pace to launch more EU stores. We will do it next month, quot; Eddie Cue, Apple #39;s vice president of applications, told music executives at the annual Popkomm conference in Germany.
1	Cards Honor Tillman The New England Patriots wins their 17th game in a row on Sunday, 23-12, over the Arizona Cardinals, but the day belonged to a fallen American patriot.
1	Feehan thwarts Bourne's speedsters Boasting a stingy defense and excellent special teams play, Bishop Feehan captured a Division 2A Super Bowl berth yesterday and the chance to win a fourth consecutive title.
0	U.S. Thinks Explosives Vanished in Spring '03 Pentagon officials have identified the period during which nearly 400 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraqi military facility vanished, leading to speculation over should claim responsibility for the disappearance.
1	Cowboys head to Lambeau Both teams have considerable ground to gain if they want to even think about making the playoffs. Dallas (2-3) is coming off a heart-wrenching loss to Pittsburgh while Green Bay (2-4) hasn #39;t won at home this season.
1	Kidd skipping night practices, irking Nets Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets #39; two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn #39;t care if the team fines him for it.
2	CSM off after planning to sell sugar unit for 850m euro LONDON (CBS.MW) -- CSM (NL:33426) eased 0.8 percent after saying it expects to sell its sugar confectionary unit for 850 million euros to private equity investor CVC Capital Partners.
2	Vioxx Alternatives: Different, Less Serious, Side Effects (New York-WABC, October 1, 2004) - Two million Americans were taking Vioxx. Now that it #39;s been recalled, what are those patients supposed to do?
0	Ivory Coast rebels agree to speed peace process Ivory Coast rebels renewed a pledge to speed up a peace initiative on Friday, a day after the UN Security Council threatened sanctions if the civil war #39;s belligerents 
3	HP iPod nearly same as Apple #39;s Hewlett-Packard on Friday unveiled its much-anticipated HP-branded iPod, a deal that instantly gives the company a popular product and greatly extends the retail reach of its partner, Apple Computer.
2	Home sweet home -- impossible? More than 50 percent of California residents said in a survey being released today that they are very concerned that fast-rising home prices will lock out younger generations from the housing market.
3	Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit\\Another lawsuit has been filed against Google because of the trademarked keyterms that companies bid for in the AdWords keyword advertising program.  Next week Google will head over to a German courtroom where it will continue to defend its technology against Metaspinner Media GmbH.\
1	Chiefs #39; Holmes questionable for Sunday Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against Houston because of a sprained ankle.
2	Daiei shares soar as Wal-Mart confirms interest in ailing retailer TOKYO : Shares in ailing Japanese retailer Daiei Inc. jumped 16 percent after US giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed it was interested in aiding the firm #39;s revival. 
1	Syracuse Upsets No. 17 Boston College (AP) AP - Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No. 17 Boston College to deprive the Eagles of a Bowl Championship Series berth and a farewell outright Big East title.
0	Indian, Chinese troops hold mountain exercise (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese and Indian border troops have held their first-ever joint mountaineering exercise as part of a programme to improve understanding along the historically tense border between the world's two most populous countries.
1	Chelsea replacing Arsenal as the team to beat Two weeks ago, Arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak. Now, the Gunners can #39;t seem to win a game, and Chelsea has emerged as English soccer #39;s dominant side.
2	Crude futures continue freefall, with prices at seven-week lows? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil futures continued to plummet Wednesday on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
0	US troops reinforce after Falluja strike warplanes criss-crossed the skies. Troops took up positions in empty buildings on the Sunni Muslim city #39;s southern perimeter. A civilian driver was shot dead near a US checkpoint on the highway, witnesses said.
0	Koizumi Replaces Key Ministers Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his cabinet on Monday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support and quicken the pace of reforms in the world's second-largest economy.
2	DPI buys CSX terminal business for 1.15 bn dollars DUBAI (AFP) - Dubai Ports International (DPI), a leading world port operator, announced it had acquired the international terminal business conducted by CSX World Terminals (CSXWT) for 1.15 billion dollars.
1	Gators Bemoan Coach Ron Zook's Firing (AP) AP - The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn't get the same reception in the locker room.
3	Microsoft Extends SQL Server Intelligence Bookselling giant Barnes and Noble outlined plans to implement the SQL Server 2000 Business Intelligence offering.  quot;SQL Server 2000 will significantly reduce the time it takes our developers to aggregate data.
2	China's annual central economic meeting "imminent" (AFP) AFP - China's senior policymakers are to convene soon for an important annual meeting in Beijing to map out the principles for China's economic plan for 2005, state media reported.
2	AOL, Kayak to Build Travel Search Site America Online has partnered with and taken a minority investment in travel search player Kayak Software. The two will build an AOL-owned travel search site, to launch in early 2005, which will be powered by Kayak #39;s technology.
3	Samsung develops ultra-fast Flash memory for mobiles Samsung Electronics has developed ultra-fast 1Gb OneNand Flash memory designed for next-generation mobile phones which it claims boasts a fourfold read speed increase over conventional Nand Flash performance.
3	Zafi worm causes email mayhem Mass-mailing Zafi-D worm, which disguises itself as a Christmas greeting, is infecting more than one in every ten emails. The worm, which spreads in a file attached to email messages containing the text Happy 
1	Ferguson issues Blues warning Alex Ferguson sounded a warning note to Chelsea after they maintained their five-point gap at the top of the Barclays Premiership with a 4-0 thrashing of Newcastle.
3	Digital music  #39;niche #39; market for foreseeable future, won #39;t replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While digital music revenues will grow to be eight per cent of the total European music market by 2009, the CD will remain the bedrock of music sales, according to a new report by market analysts Jupiter Research.
1	Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. 
0	China stresses N Korea 'stable' \A senior Chinese official bolsters ally North Korea, amid contradictory reports of possible changes.
1	UNDATED: 14 points a game. John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
2	Blockbuster offers \$700m for rival  DALLAS -- Blockbuster Inc. , facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered \$700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.
1	Edelin Ruled Ineligible Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin has been declared ineligible for the first semester of the academic year because he does not meet NCAA academic eligibility requirements, school officials said Tuesday.
0	China Detains Two Dissident Writers Chinese police detained two prominent dissident writers Monday night in an apparent campaign by the government to reassert authority over liberal intellectuals who have been increasingly outspoken in their criticism of the governing Communist Party, friends and family members said.
2	Alaska Air sees \$45 mln-\$55 mln in severance costs Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it expects \$45 million to \$55 million in pre-tax costs for severance pay and other benefits for employees laid off during its planned restructuring.
2	Interest Rate Hike Likely The Federal Reserve is expected to hike rates following the Labor Department #39;s report on Friday that the US economy added almost twice as many jobs last month than Wall Street economists had predicted.
3	Macromedia Releases Flex Builder When Macromedia #39;s Flex was released, the company noted that it reflected the emergence of a push toward services-oriented architectures (SOAs), which resulted in applications that are 
1	Brees Cleared to Start Sunday at Denver (AP) AP - The only time Drew Brees got a headache on Wednesday was when he recalled what usually happens to the San Diego Chargers in Denver.
3	New Cool, Quiet Laptop Hard Drives (PC World) PC World - Western Digital's Scorpio drives promise stinging performance.
3	Philips Unveils DVD Burner That Plays CDs  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Philips Electronics unveiled an  optical disk drive on Monday for use in computers that can burn  and play CDs and DVDs in three formats, including the new  Blu-ray standard.
1	Olympic Basketball: Lithuania Guard Shoots Down U.S.  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
0	Rescue effort for Canadian sub launched off Irish coast A major rescue effort has been launched off the coast of Ireland after a Canadian submarine sent a distress signal for assistance from the North Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday.
0	Who #39;s to Blame for Far-Right Extremism? There #39;s plenty to blame for the rise of extremists in Germany: Ex-communists, unemployment and social reforms all had their turn.
0	A Plea for Support of Innovation  America risks losing its leadership of the global economy if government and industry fail to make changes that encourage innovation, a panel of leading executives and university presidents say in a study to be released today.
3	Mac supercomputer speeds up A Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University supercomputer running processors for Apple Inc. Mac computers now operates at 12.
2	UPDATE 2-Ace, Marsh fire employees amid industry probe Broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. and insurer Ace Ltd. (ACE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) have fired a total of six employees in recent days as a result of internal investigations related 
1	Hughes named manager LONDON: Blackburn Rovers appointed Wales national coach Mark Hughes as their new manager last night, the Premiership club said.  quot;Blackburn announce tonight that Mark Hughes has been appointed manager with immediate effect, quot; Blackburn said in a statement.
0	Blair to Address Roots of Africa Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday warned that poverty and instability in Africa is providing a fertile breeding ground for terror and criminal organizations.
0	France: Headscarf law will be applied French government refuses to yield to Iraqi kidnappers of two French reporters on law banning headscarves. By Hugh Schofield - PARIS.
1	NL Wrap: Clemens Notches 326th Victory as Astros Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens landed his 326th career  victory to earn the Houston Astros a franchise record-tying  12th straight win, a 5-2 decision over the Cincinnati Reds in  the National League (NL) Wednesday.
0	Ex-East Timor governor acquitted \The only person to begin serving his jail sentence for the 1999 violence in East Timor is cleared on appeal.
2	Hyatt Books AmeriSuites Acquisition CHICAGO -- Hyatt Corp. said Thursday it will purchase the 143-unit AmeriSuites hotel chain from affiliates of The Blackstone Group.
0	Afghan President, Rival Campaign Despite Threats  KABUL (Reuters) - The two main rivals in Afghanistan's  first presidential election threw themselves into campaigning  Tuesday, drawing crowds of supporters four days before a vote  that many hope could be a turning point for the war-torn  nation.
2	1,500 Imperial Oil jobs leaving Toronto Imperial Oil Ltd. says it will shift its head office to Calgary from Toronto, with the move to the Alberta oilpatch affecting 1,500 employees and expected to be completed by next August.
0	Sahara tourists face theft charge Five Germans thought to be missing in the Sahara are safe but face charges for the alleged theft of artefacts.
1	Expos move in jeopardy WASHINGTON - Baseballs response to Washingtons lawmakers was strong, swift and ominous. Or, as Mayor Anthony A. Williams put it: The dream of 33 years is now once again close to dying.
0	Israeli Officer Charged in Death of Palestinian Girl An Israeli army captain accused of riddling a 13-year-old Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets after his unit killed her was charged on Tuesday with conduct unbecoming an officer and illegal discharge of a weapon.
2	RadioShack, Sprint in Mall Kiosk Venture RadioShack Corp. (RSH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US electronics chain, on Tuesday said it has signed a deal with Sprint Corp.
2	SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; to provide next-generation television  services.
1	Montoya wins F1 finale in Brazil Sao Paulo, Brazil (Sports Network) - Williams/BMW driver Juan Montoya captured the final event of the 2004 Formula One season - the Grand Prix of Brazil.
2	Too High for a Comfortable Fit Payless ShoeSource (NYSE: PSS) makes a living selling shoes for less, but the stock, up 19 at its high today, is the largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange.
0	Afghan Security on Alert Ahead of Election KABUL, Afghanistan - On the eve of Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election, Muslim clerics urged Friday worshippers to embrace democracy, election workers scurried to ready voting booths and 100,000 troops went on high alert across the country.    In Peshawar, Pakistan late Friday, armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote, police said...
3	Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000 (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone subscribers around the\globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,\about one quarter of the world's population, the International\Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.
0	Students heckle Iranian president Iranian students interrupt a speech by President Khatami to mark Student Day at Tehran university.
0	Stocks Are Set to Open Lower NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen lower at the open Thursday as traders get a handle on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Wednesday...
2	Russia #39;s Severstal makes formal offer for Stelco Inc. amid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Russia #39;s Severstal has made an offer to buy Stelco Inc., in what #39;s believed to be one of several competing offers emerging for the restructuring but profitable Hamilton steel producer.
0	Sudan Security Foils New Sabotage Plot -- Agency Sudanese authorities said Friday they foiled another plot by an opposition Islamist party to kidnap and kill senior government officials and blow up sites in the capital 
0	Hurricane Ivan Batters Grand Cayman GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 150-mph winds Sunday, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore.    Ivan has killed at least 60 people in its path of destruction across the Caribbean and was headed next for western Cuba, where it was expected to hit Monday...
1	Soccer: Britain Demands Action After Racist Chants  LONDON (Reuters) - British ministers have condemned the  "disgraceful" racial abuse of England's black players during  Wednesday's friendly international against Spain in Madrid and  demanded that soccer authorities take action.
1	Six-Time NBA Champion Calls It Quits After 17 Seasons  quot;I don #39;t really have any regrets. I think I learned a lot from a lot of experiences that I dealt with over my career. There #39;s nothing for me to look back and regret.
0	U.S. Bombs Fallujah; Eight Dead, 15 Hurt (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery units attacked the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, killing at least eight people and wounding 15, hospital officials and witnesses said.
0	Howard #39;s reform agenda JOHN Howard has full control of the Senate within his grasp after an emphatic election victory that will allow the Coalition to embark on an ambitious reform agenda, including the \$30 billion sale of Telstra and further industrial relations changes.
3	Half-Life 2 users bitten by bugs Several Half-Life 2 users who finally got the long-delayed game into their hands yesterday got exactly what they didn #39;t want--more delays.
2	Weather Service Praises Its Isabel Response Conservative predictions by the National Weather Service during Hurricane Isabel, communication breakdowns within the agency and confusing bulletins led DC area officials to underestimate the 
3	EMC nabs former IBM grid guru for CTO position EMC has hired the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer for the Hopkinton, Mass.
3	EPA finalizes proposal for Sandusky River MARION -- The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency has finalized its proposal to improve water quality of the Sandusky River. The agency, whose plan was approved by the US EPA, is working with the Sandusky 
0	Baghdad and Kabul approved for WTO talks The World Trade Organisation gave approval on Monday for Iraq and Afghanistan to begin negotiations to join the 148-member body - but the US again blocked the opening of accession talks with Iran.
1	McCaffery:Desperate Cowboys are Eagles challenge IRVING, Texas -- By now, according to the script, Bill Parcells should be deep into a Super Bowl journey, with a Monday night opportunity to take in a little more of the breathtaking scenery.
2	Top Economic Adviser to Bush Is Leaving Post Stephen Friedman, who left Wall Street to assume one of the top economic posts in the White House, will return to the private sector Dec. 31 after two quiet years in Washington, White House officials announced yesterday.
1	Motorsport: F1 qualifying to take place on race day Formula One qualifying will take place on the same day as the race next season, after team bosses approved proposals put forward by the governing International Automobile Federation (FIA).
2	At Last, Microsoft Starts the Music Never shy about entering a market late, Microsoft Corp. is planning to open the virtual doors of its long-planned Internet music store next week.
3	Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search\\Google has been testing its lab version of personalied search. Eurekester and AskJeeves have brought personalized search out into the open by getting the jump on the other large search engines. And now Yahoo is in the game with the release of My ...
2	Iran to Comply with OPEC Output Quotas  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Iran, OPEC's second-biggest producer,  will comply with the cartel's decision to curb excess output  and pump crude oil at its official quota, an official said on  Wednesday.
1	Woods leads Dunlop Phoenix MIYAZAKI - Tiger Woods, playing in Japan for the first time in two years, got off to a strong start Thursday as he shot a 5-under-par 65 to take a three-stroke lead at the Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
2	Sprint, Nextel Detail Merger Agreement Sprint and Nextel formally announced a \$35 billion merger agreement Wednesday and gave details on how the corporate combination would affect employees and consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
3	NOT PLAYING GAMES IT #39;S that time of year for beautiful autumn foliage, crisp air and violent carjackings. Don #39;t adjust your PS2 or Xbox for the next few months, because video games are giving a whole new meaning to the word  quot;fall.
3	AMD providing update for Opteron processor AMD uses a technology called PowerNow to control power supply to the processor depending upon how much of the processing power is being used.
0	New Somali cabinet named in exile A new government is named for Somalia but it remains too dangerous for them to be based in the capital.
3	Swift blasts off on dying star mission Swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally launched from Cape Canaveral.
0	Three Americans, Two Afghans Killed in Kabul Blast At least three American nationals involved in the training of Afghanistan #39;s new police force were killed Sunday in a powerful blast in Kabul that also killed at least two Afghans, a defense ministry official told Reuters.
3	Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
1	Thierry finds his goal touch Thierry Henry scored his first international goal for four months to help struggling France snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over Cyprus.
1	Aachen Complete Fairytale by Reaching Last 32 German second division side Alemannia Aachen progressed to the knockout stages of the UEFA Cup after a 2-0 win against AEK Athens in Group H. Aachen had gone into Wednesday 
1	Stuttgart Sends Leverkusen Spiraling Since outclassing Real Madrid in the Champion #39;s League two weeks ago, Bayer Leverkusen has been a shadow of its former self. In a high-profile game against Stuttgart Saturday, they continued their spiral.
1	Astros Stay Close Roy Oswalt became the NL's first 19-game winner as the Astros stay close in the wild-card race with a 10-3 victory over St. Louis.
0	Karzai sworn in as first popularly elected Afghan president (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as Afghanistan's first democratically elected president, promising to restore security to the war-shattered country exactly three years after the fall of the Taliban.
3	Strong Hurricane Approaches Bahamas, Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances barreled toward the\Bahamas islands with 140 mph winds on Wednesday, a growing\threat that put millions of people on alert along Florida's\heavily populated east coast.
2	Short-Term Treasuries Dumped (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices turned lower in\choppy trade on Friday as speculators sold short-term notes\while a report on U.S. business investment contained enough\soft spots to support longer-dated debt.
1	Hundreds mourn loss of student killed by police during Red Sox &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hundreds of mourners filed into a church Tuesday to pay final respects to an Emerson College student killed by a pepper-spray pellet fired by police during raucous 
3	Samoa plans internet for all The Pacific island nation of Samoa is looking to the internet as a way of developing its economy.
0	Marines defend soldier #39;s killing of Iraqi US marines yesterday rallied around their colleague who is being investigated for shooting an unarmed, wounded insurgent in a Falluja mosque, as a senior UN human rights official called for an inquiry into alleged abuses in the city.
1	Sox pour it on in 9th to threaten NY reign: Solve Rivera for big 3 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The last time the Red Sox stats, schedule played at Yankee Stadium, shortstop Nomar Garciaparra was nowhere to be found after making himself unavailable due to ongoing aches and pains.
0	Iraq Meeting Presses Baghdad to Seek Dialogue  SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt (Reuters) - An international  conference on the political future of Iraq on Tuesday pressed  the interim Iraqi government to make sure as many people as  possible take part in Jan. 30 elections.
0	For US team, the night of decision The women gymnasts are favored to make history and win gold Tuesday - a Wheaties box moment waiting to happen.
3	ATI announces HyperMemory tech ATI HAS developed a new technology to allow system memory to be fully utilised by graphics boards, it said today. The extra bandwidth of the PCI Express bus means that shuttling data to and fro between the 
0	Howard defiant as attacks mount PRIME Minister John Howard conceded yesterday a fresh inquiry into the children overboard saga would find he had lied. 
0	Eurostar traffic not affected by workers' strike (AFP) AFP - Eurostar operations were unaffected by a 24-hour strike over pay by members of the Rail Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, a company spokesman said.
1	NBA Grizzlies match Cavs' offer for Georgian center (AFP) AFP - Georgian giant Jake Tsakalidis will not be joining rookie star LeBron James in Cleveland after the Memphis Grizzlies matched the Cavaliers' National Basketball Association offer sheet.
3	ATI Announces HyperMemory (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Canada's ATI Technologies (Nasdaq: ATYT) has announced a memory technology that cuts PC system costs by using system memory for graphics processing.
0	Police probe BNP mosque leaflet Police are investigating a British National Party leaflet posted to homes in south Wales opposing plans for a new mosque. Anti-racism campaigners in Swansea have handed copies to South Wales Police.
1	Labor pains April 1980 -- Players strike the last eight days of spring training. Ninety-two exhibition games are canceled. June 1981 -- Players stage first midseason strike in history.
1	Gunners grind out victory Arsenal forgot their usual fluent style but still managed to beat PSV Eindhoven 1-0 in their Champions League opener. The Gunners scraped past the defensively minded Dutch side at Highbury thanks only to a first-half own goal from Alex.
1	Little Boise St. is thinking big Once again, they are knocking on the door, nattily attired, a smile on their face, eager to join the party.
2	Crisis warning from Bank as lenders add to risky investments UK banks have built up a number of risky investment positions that could trigger a financial crisis if a shock caused a sudden rush to sell up, the Bank of England warned yesterday.
2	First UK Islamic Bank opens doors The UK's first stand-alone Islamic High Street bank,  aimed at the UK's 1.8 million Muslims opens in London on Wednesday.
2	Oil price hits record high of \$55.45 New York #39;s main crude oil contract shot to a record high of \$55.45 a barrel on Friday amid deepening concern over US stocks of winter heating fuel.
2	ATA Files for Bankruptcy Protection  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent of  struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for  Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring  fuel prices drained it of cash.
2	Tales of the City, Revisited This year, for the first time since the towers crumbled, New York City #39;s economy outperformed the nation #39;s. The average price for a Manhattan condo or co-op broke the \$1 million mark, a new record.
1	Taking a crash course For Doug Mientkiewicz, the hardest part of playing second turned out not to be the double play pivot, fielding ground balls, or applying the tag on a steal. No, it came when he was hit by a 6-foot-3-inch, 230-pound train.
3	PluggedIn: Digital Cameras All the Rage This Christmas  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When families and friends get  together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use  a digital camera to record those memories.
3	Astronauts running low on food WASHINGTON - The two astronauts on board the international space station are cutting back on their food as supplies are running shorter than expected in advance of the planned arrival of a Russian supply ship on Christmas Day.
3	AOL Formalizes Cellular Phone IM Program AOL today announced its Mobile Developer Program designed to formalize the company #39;s three year-old push into the cellular phone instant messaging business.
2	STOCKS TO WATCH SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Among the companies whose shares are likely to see active trading in Wednesday #39;s session is Orbitz (ORBZ: news, chart, profile).
1	Thompson out for a month Celtic have confirmed they expect midfielder Alan Thompson to be out for between four and six weeks. The player was carried off during Wednesday night #39;s defeat by AC Milan in the San Siro with a hamstring injury.
2	International Paper Has Loss After Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Paper Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a  third-quarter loss after charges for the write-down of Canadian  assets.
2	UPDATE: Intel lowers Q3 revenue estimates SAN FRANCISCO - Citing lower than expected product sales, Intel Corp. on Thursday lowered its revenue expectations for the third quarter of its 2004 fiscal year, which ends on Sept. 25.
0	High stakes of taking Fallujah The impending attack could decentralize the Iraqi insurgency and increase the risk of violence during elections.
0	Suspected rebels kill six ahead of Indian premier's Kashmir visit (AFP) AFP - Suspected Muslim rebels shot dead six people in Kashmir in an attack a day ahead of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the restive region, police said.
3	Dell green-lights photo printers PC maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. Digital cameras also a possibility.
2	A no vote on referendums PARIS Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, touring Europe to drum up support for membership in the European Union, on Thursday criticized plans by several countries to let domestic referendums eventually decide his country #39;s future.
0	Intel Sets Upbeat Tone on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares are set to open higher on\Friday, buoyed by Intel Corp.  after the world's\largest chip maker raised its quarterly revenue target due to\strong demand, but all eyes will be on jobs data before the\opening.
3	Intel #39;s  #39;BTX #39; Motherboard Debuts on Gateway #39;s PC Intel #39;s (Quote, Chart) next-generation motherboard design has made its debut in a new Gateway (Quote, Chart) desktop, the company said today.
2	Bank confirms talks to obtain control of S. African bank LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British bank Barclays on Thursday said it is in talks to buy a majority stake in South African bank ABSA. Free!
3	Few Americans Buy Meds Online Despite rising drug costs and increased pressure to import cheaper drugs from abroad, a Pew study finds that not many Americans buy prescription drugs through the internet. Most feel drugs purchased online are not as safe.
0	Site still a disaster The legacy from environmental irresponsibility still hangs heavily over the city of Bhopal in India. Two decades after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster, the site still needs to be cleaned up.
3	Ask Matt A: If you #39;ve seen the legions of music lovers walking around with white ear buds dangling from their ears: you #39;ve witnessed the iPod revolution.
0	Troops capture rebel stronghold in Manipur (Reuters) Reuters - Indian troops have captured an important rebel stronghold in Manipur, close to the border with Myanmar, the army said on Saturday.
2	Bank of Montreal to Buy Indiana Bank for \$156.5 Mln (Update1) Bank of Montreal, Canada #39;s fifth- biggest bank, agreed to buy Mercantile Bancorp Inc., which has branches in northwestern Indiana, for \$156.
2	Dow, Nasdaq Rise as Crude Falls The blue-chip Dow average ended slightly higher on Monday and the tech-driven Nasdaq also gained as declining crude-oil prices made equities aside from energy names attractive.
2	EU to approve Oracle takeover - reports The European Union is set to approve Oracle #39;s hostile \$7.7bn takeover of enterprise apps vendor PeopleSoft, according to Reuters and the Financial Times , both of which cite unnamed sources.
2	US commercial oil inventories up last week The commercial stocks of crude oil in the United States surged by 4.0 million barrels to 283.4 million barrels in the week ending on October 22, near the lower end of average 
2	Yukos Shareholders to Consider Bankruptcy Next Month (Update3) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will ask shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company #39;s market value.
2	Snow: Cutting Budget Deficit Top Priority  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Wednesday that cutting a record budget deficit was a top  priority for the second-term Bush administration and challenged  Europe to play its part in helping trim the U.S. trade gap by  boosting its own economic growth.
1	Yankees are hoping latest sting doesn't prove fatal Before, it was a nuisance. Now, it has become a downright menace to the Yankees.
1	Singh captures 84 Lumber Classic Singh grabbed the first-round lead with a tournament-low 8-under par 64, and although he had company a few times, never stepped down from his perch in winning the 84 Lumber 
1	Lehman gets nod as next US captain The disaster at Oakland Hills Country Club apparently wasnt enough to sway the PGA of America toward a different course in selecting the United States captain.
0	Palestinian Teens Killed in Israeli Strike JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip Oct. 7, 2004 - Two Palestinian boys, ages 14 and 15, were killed in an Israeli missile strike on Thursday, their relatives said.
0	Lebanon: Terror Suspects Linked to Bombing Plot Arrested Lebanon says it has arrested 10 members of a suspected terror cell who allegedly were planning to bomb foreign diplomatic missions in Beirut and to attack coalition forces in Iraq.
3	Livewire: Back to School Means Back to Advergames  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Back to school for many kids means  "back to Internet access" in classes where the best of  filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against  seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing.
2	World Needs More Oil Capacity -Watchdog (Reuters) Reuters - An extra 3 million barrels per day (bpd)\of production capacity worldwide is needed to avoid another\year of blistering oil prices, International Energy Agency\(IEA) executive director Claude Mandil warned on Sunday.
1	Jones does flip-flop on career The last time we saw Roy Jones Jr., he was getting drilled in shocking fashion by Antonio Tarver on May 15. Afterwards, he would tell anyone in sight that he simply couldn #39;t find the motivation 
3	Dell introduces new compact desktop PC Dell Inc. updated its line of slim consumer Dimension desktop PCs Tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a Dell PC, a company spokesman said.
1	Sexson Signs with Seattle First baseman Richie Sexson agrees to a four-year contract with the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday.
1	Sri Lanka cruise to win Sri Lanka have virtually secured their place in the final of the Paktel Cup against Pakistan after easing to a comfortable seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe on Saturday.
1	Kevin Roberts: Moss is on everyone #39;s agenda If Monday #39;s game comes down to Lito Sheppard vs. Randy Moss, the Eagles are in trouble. If Monday #39;s game comes down to Sheldon Brown .
0	Police arrested in child-porn raids POLICE officers are among more than 150 people charged with about 2000 child sex offences resulting from Australia #39;s biggest crackdown on internet child pornography.
0	Bush Says Iraqi Vote Must Proceed Jan. 30 (AP) AP - President Bush acknowledged Monday that American military forces "can never guarantee 100 percent security" for Iraq's elections Jan. 30, but said the voting must proceed on schedule to let people choose democracy over terrorism.
0	Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.
2	US Supreme Court hears dispute over interstate wine sales; Maine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Supreme Court is considering whether states may bar people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers, a big-money question that could lead to sweeping changes 
1	Merciless Bayern hammering kills Ajax hopes: 4-0 The conclusion that had to be drawn after six fixtures last season, can now be drawn after only two: Ajax is not good enough to make an impact in the Champions League.
3	'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Was absenteeism a little high  on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like  to think it was because "Madden NFL 2005" came out that day,  and some fans of the football simulation are rabid enough to  take a sick day to play it.
3	The Security Industry: Where Objectivity Is a Lie It #39;s not that there aren #39;t Unix attacks that work. It #39;s that pretty much everything the security industry does misrepresents the actual balance between attacks on Microsoft #39;s products and attacks on Unix and open source.
3	First Look: Danger Sidekick II The former World Class product-of-the-year PDA gets a much-needed upgrade.
3	Pockmarked face of Saturn #39;s icy moon The Cassini spacecraft has returned the best-ever view of the icy Tethys, one of the moons of Saturn, depicting its battered 1060km-diameter surface in this photograph released by Nasa.
0	Nigerian Militia Threatens Armed Struggle Militiamen trying to wrest control of the oil-rich Niger Delta threatened on Tuesday to launch a full-scale armed struggle #39; #39; on petroleum-pumping operations in Africa #39;s 
0	At New Delhi talks, India cautions Rumsfeld on Pakistan arms sales NEW DELHI -- The United States will build stronger ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld vowed yesterday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect its relations with Washington.
0	New polls show Australian government neck and neck with opposition SYDNEY : Two new polls showed Australia #39;s conservative government and Labor opposition neck and neck after the first week of campaigning for the October 9 election.
0	Rocky way ahead of Karzai to implement ambitious agenda Though the Afghanistan #39;s new head of the state Hamid Karzai easily swept the Oct. 9 presidential elections and took oath as first-elected national leader Tuesday 
2	Tough summer expected to hurt American #39;s 3rd quarter FORT WORTH, Texas _ Intense competition, rising fuel prices and the wave of hurricanes in Florida socked American Airlines #39; finances last month, executives said Wednesday, and will likely hurt the airline #39;s third-quarter results.
1	MATCH VIEWS FROM THE BROADSHEETS Paul Scholes has never been comfortable when the spotlight has swung in his direction, and you can imagine him squirming when he was being described as one of the best midfield players in the world last summer.
3	Internet2 sets new data speed record Scientists at CERN (European Organisation for Nuclear Research), the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), AMD, Cisco, Microsoft Research, Newisys, and S2IO have successfully tested a new internet2 land-speed record.
0	Red Cross deeply concerned by humanitarian law violations in Iraq The International Red Cross is  #39; #39;deeply concerned #39; #39; with the killing of civilians and non-combatants in Iraq and the apparent failures by all sides to respect humanitarian law.
1	Davenport Wins, Moves Closer to Top Spot (AP) AP - Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
2	UPDATE 1-Univ. of Calif. reaches settlement with Lehman The University of California said on Friday that Lehman Brothers (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle a class action suit for the bank #39;s role in the sale Enron Corp.
2	Drugmaker Warner Chilcott: New offer at 837p/share LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Northern Irish drugmaker Warner Chilcott (UK:WCRX) said it #39;s received a third offer at a price of 837 pence a share - a 2.2 percent premium to the share #39;s 818.
1	Birk won #39;t play Sunday Vikings Pro Bowl center Matt Birk was downgraded from probable to out Thursday morning, while receiver Randy Moss took another step toward returning to action.
2	BA to sell Qantas stake; analysts see alliance shakeup LONDON : British Airways (BA) said it would sell its 1.1 billion Australian dollar (770 million US) stake in Australia #39;s Qantas in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances.
2	Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to transfer jobs Over the next to years more than 1,100 jobs located in United Kingdom, will be shift to India, according to the Royal  amp; Sun Alliance plans.
0	Dyke accuses Blair over Iraq war Former BBC boss Greg Dyke attacks the prime minister over the Iraq war and his treatment of the BBC.
0	Cat Stevens to take legal action Ex-singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he has instructed lawyers after being refused entry to the US.
0	At Least 7 Dead in Russia School Siege (AP) AP - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by Chechen rebels strapped with explosives.
2	New York Times Co. cuts earnings outlook The New York Times Co. told investors yesterday that its fourth-quarter and full-year earnings would miss Wall Street estimates on weaker-than-expected advertising in the fourth quarter and higher costs for promotion, printing, distribution, and newsprint.
0	First Milosevic Trial Defense Witness Called Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defense lawyers on him as  quot;legal fiction quot; Tuesday as his first witness began her testimony at his war crimes trial.
1	Tiger: Not Out of the Woods Yet Oct. 4 issue - On a lovely afternoon in Manhattan last week, two black SUVs pulled up in front of a Starbucks on Fifth Avenue. As bodyguards in both cars debated whose turn it was to make a coffee run, Tiger 
0	Parliament slip-up LONDON - The British government was reported to be considering tough new measures yesterday, including banning demonstrations near Parliament, following the most flagrant breach of parliamentary security in living memory.
0	UN mulls resolution pressing Sudan on Darfur (AFP) AFP - UN Security Council nations met to look for common ground on a disputed US draft resolution pressing Sudan to rein in Arab militias behind the bloodshed in Darfur.
1	Ravens' Lewis, Smith Injured Vs. Cowboys (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis hurt his left ankle in the first quarter Sunday, and backup Musa Smith broke his leg later in the period.
3	The Open Source Threat (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Open-source software, namely Linux, is nipping more sharply at the heels of Microsoft, leading the software giant to defend itself more fiercely than ever against the insurgent rise of freely distributed, collaboratively coded programs.
2	Topics A, B and C in Run-up to Debate: Jobs, Jobs and Jobs Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
1	Brunet advances to K-1 final Schinias, Greece - Two-time Olympic silver medalist Caroline Brunet of Lac Beauport, Que., advanced directly to the 500-metre K-1 Olympic final by winning her heat during Tuesday #39;s canoe-kayak flatwater qualifying.
2	Oil Rises as Hurricane Moves Toward Platforms in Gulf of Mexico Crude oil futures rose on concern Hurricane Ivan may disrupt production, refining and the arrival of shipments as it moves into the Gulf of Mexico, where a quarter of US oil and natural gas is pumped.
2	Company: Ameritrade Hldg Corp New With presidential election-related uncertainty safely in the past, retail investors have returned to the US stock market with gusto, and they #39;re likely to stay engaged, several trading companies said Friday.
3	Starbucks To Add Kiosks Where Customers Can Burn CDs After Starbucks acquired Hear Music in 1999, it started selling self-produced CDs in its stores, recently launched a satellite radio music channel and in March opened its Hear Music Coffeehouse in Santa Monica, California.
0	Seven Truckers Freed in Iraq, France Awaits Word Islamic militants freed seven truck drivers from India, Kenya and Egypt on Wednesday after holding them hostage in Iraq for six weeks, offering a ray of hope to a dozen other foreigners still in captivity.
3	New Trojan Virus Sends Spam to Russian Mobile Phones A new Trojan virus has appeared in Russian that hijacks PCs and sends spam via SMS text messages to mobile phones. After infecting a PC, the Delf-HA Trojan sends spam to the St.
3	Global chip sales to increase 27 percent in 2004: study Worldwide semiconductor revenue is forecast to reach 226 billion US dollars in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003 revenues, according to the latest quarterly update released Tuesday by Gartner.
2	Alcan shares fall after rival Alcoa profit warning Shares of Alcan Inc. (AL.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (AL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled almost 5 percent on Friday morning, after rival aluminum-maker Alcoa (AA.
0	UN chief reacts to son #39;s payments UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said he was  quot;disappointed quot; at news his son was receiving payment from a firm involved in Iraq #39;s oil-for-food programme.
0	Kofi Annan declares US invasion of Iraq illegal ELEANOR HALL: The Prime Minister has found himself again defending his policy on Iraq, after the United Nations Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, said today that the US-led invasion was illegal and that the elections planned for Iraq in January would not be 
1	Bama Game is Important to Fulmer Knoxville (WVLT/AP) - Beating Alabama is so important to Vols Coach Phillip Fulmer he has mentioned the annual game in his spiel to recruits.
1	Vikings-Saints Game Stats A look at the team and individual statistics from Sunday night #39;s game between the Vikings and Saints. NFL FINAL 1ST 2ND 3RD 4TH TOTAL --- -- MINNESOTA 7 14 10 7 38 NEW ORLEANS 0 14 7 10 31 FINAL 
0	Opposition Predicted to Win in Indonesia (AP) AP - Indonesian voters hungry for change are expected on Monday to do something that was unthinkable during the country's three decades of authoritarian rule  #151; toss out an incumbent president and vote in a political newcomer who has promised to crack down on corruption and revive the battered economy.
3	Two Scientists Caught in Amber It can be safely guessed that Stuart Pivar, a scientist and art collector, has more than 300 objects in his duplex apartment.
2	Krispy Kreme Posts Net Loss After Charges Struggling doughnut shop chain Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs.
3	MS settles antitrust cases with Novell, CCIA Microsoft last week announced antitrust settlements with Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA), ending years of legal wrangling.
1	From Dreamers to Cinderellas Write down the date, Aug. 26, and the time, 2:30 pm in Athens. Its the moment that Olympic basketball entered a new era. Itsa real basketball tournament now, almost a 
0	Venezuela appeals coup acquittals  CARACAS -- Venezuela's government asked the Supreme Court yesterday to overturn the acquittals of the military ringleaders of a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez to clear the way for fresh prosecutions.
0	Peace talks on Sudan #39;s Darfur halted again ABUJA: African Union-brokered peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfur rebel leaders bogged down again Tuesday, barely 10 minutes after delegates resumed negotiations following a three-day pause.
2	Parmalat sues Grant Thornton, Deloitte for \$10 billion CHICAGO Italian dairy company Parmalat today filed a ten (B) billion dollar lawsuit against two auditors it accuses of overlooking fraud that nearly led to the company #39;s downfall. 
1	Gators Fire Zook Two days after one of its most embarrassing losses in recent years, the University of Florida has fired head football coach Ron Zook.
3	Hurricane Center Director Is Calm Force (AP) AP - In the midst of a crisis, Max Mayfield sets his schedule in four-minute increments. That's the amount of time the director of the National Hurricane Center allots each media crew camped out in the bunker-like building where forecasts are drawn up. He sets aside an hour to help assemble regularly scheduled advisories, and pauses to take calls from higher-ups, including U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans.
2	Russian authorities plan to merge gas and oil producers Moscow - Russia plans to combine Gazprom, the world #39;s biggest natural gas producer, with state-owned oil producer Rosneft, easing rules for trading Gazprom shares and creating a company that may dominate the country #39;s energy industry.
2	Stocks Rise Slightly; AIG, Wal-Mart Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly higher on  Monday as gains in insurance company American International  Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; and retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;  outweighed losses in energy stocks due to lower oil prices.
1	Medford's 4-year run in GBL ends For the last four years, the Medford boys' soccer team had not been beaten in the Greater Boston League. That streak ended yesterday when Everett handed the Mustangs a stunning 3-2 loss at Glendale Park in Everett.
3	Linux speared by trio of security holes A series of security holes in three common Linux components has led open-source vendors to rush out several updates. Two of them, rated  quot;highly critical quot; by security company Secunia, are in libpng, a library 
3	What is a Search Engine? What is a Search Engine?\\All search engines start with a "search box", which is sometimes the main focus of the site, e.g. google.com, dmoz.org, altavista.com; sometimes the "search box" is just one feature of a portal site, e.g. yahoo.com, msn.com, netscape.com. Just type in your search phrase and click the ...
1	Warner can #39;t be like Vikes When the Giants enter the Metrodome Sunday, they will do so under circumstances eerily similar to their last visit, almost one year ago.
2	Stocks to Watch Tuesday  European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti will hold a  news conference on Tuesday afternoon on the long-running  antitrust case against Coca-Cola, a European Union spokeswoman  said.
2	Sonic lowers 2004 earnings forecast Sonic Automotive Inc. has lowered its earnings estimate for 2004 because of weather-related losses and a difficult market for new and used vehicle sales.
1	Baltimore vs. New England FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Ticker) -- The Baltimore Ravens have the NFL #39;s top-ranked scoring defense. But the Ravens may be the ones having trouble moving the ball Sunday when they meet the New England Patriots.
1	American Alvin Harrison Banned for Four Years  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist  Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs  violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on  Tuesday.
1	Marine Wives Rally A group of Marine wives are running for the family of a Marine Corps officer who was killed in Iraq.
0	Palestinian state shelved  #39;with US blessing #39; Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff has said the aim of Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely.
3	China #39;s consumer electronic industry to hit \$94 billion HONG KONG - China #39;s consumer electronics industry is projected to reach \$49.6 billion in sales this year, growing by more than 20 percent annually to reach \$94 billion in 2007, according to a report from Global Sources Ltd.
1	Martino earns second Player of the Week honor New York, NY (Sports Network) - Kyle Martino has earned Major League Soccer #39;s Player of the Week honor for Week 21 of the 2004 season.
0	Russia Ready to Strike Against 'Terror' Worldwide  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia's top general threatened  Wednesday to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in the world, as  security services put a \$10 million bounty on two Chechen  rebels they blame for last week's school siege.
1	Will Graves: Hurricanes still get defensive All four bolted the University of Miami for the NFL after the 2003 season, supposedly leaving the Hurricanes defense too young and too inexperienced to handle Florida State quarterback Chris Rix and his flotilla of wide receivers.
1	NL notables Brandon Backe hit the first home run by an Astros pitcher since Ron Villone smacked one Aug. 15, 2003.
3	It's SQL, but not as you know it &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save a whopping 50 on definitive MySQL guides
3	Intel planning Centrino-like brand for desktops Corporate customers will be pitched PCs that can be centrally managed and partitioned, in addition to security features.
0	Russia to join Nato in Mediterranean patrols POIANA BRASOV, Oct. 14. - Russia has agreed to send warships to help Natos naval patrols monitoring suspicious vessels in the Mediterranean , as part of a drive for closer counter-terrorism cooperation between Moscow and the western alliance.
2	Jarden #39;s Brandfest In July, the Fool #39;s James Early looked at stocks that combine the following: a small market cap, a boring industry, and a savvy Pac-Man-style acquisition strategy of adding a portfolio of brands.
0	Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia began counting the cost  on Saturday at the end of siege of a school captured by Chechen  gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh doubts  on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.
1	Colts could be missing both starting guards Tupe Peko didn #39;t practice Wednesday because he hurt his right foot in last week #39;s 49-14 victory over Houston. Rick DeMulling has been limited in practice because of a bruised chest.
2	Wendy #39;s 3Q Profit Rises 4 Percent Fast-food chain Wendy #39;s International Inc. on Thursday posted a 4 percent rise in third-quarter profit and met Wall Street expectations, helped by strong same-store sales growth at its Wendy #39;s and Tim Hortons restaurants.
1	Maryland 20, No. 5 Florida State 17 Fifth-ranked Florida State was in the process of completing another comeback on the road, and Maryland coach Ralph Friedgen could think of only one course of action.
3	U.S. Airborne Laser Advances to 'First Light'  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Boeing Co.-led team has  successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to  fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a U.S. ballistic missile  defense shield, officials said on Friday.
0	Man sentenced to life for backpacker murder Ian Previte, a drifter, has been found guilty of murdering 19-year-old British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in Bundaberg, Australia, April 10, 2002.
0	Video Shows Beheading of Turkish Hostage A video purportedly posted on the web by Iraqi terrorists shows the beheading of a Turkish driver, world news agencies reported. The video has grabbed the man introducing himself as Durmus Kumderelu, a driver 
0	Sudan Says U.S. Genocide Declaration Political (Reuters) Reuters - The Sudanese foreign minister rejected on\Friday a U.S. declaration of genocide in the Darfur region of\Sudan and said the United States was using a humanitarian\crisis for political purposes.
1	Leyland among Phils #39; candidates Jim Leyland, who led the Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Phillies managerial vacancy. Leyland, a scout for the Cardinals the past four seasons 
3	It's Not Exclusive, but It's Lucrative: Why Luxe Went Online Class has been transformed by technology and consumers who are as well informed as they are impatient.
1	Six shots that helped shaped the PGA Tour season The first sign that Vijay Singh would be a relentless force on the PGA Tour came in a tournament he didn #39;t win, with a putt that ultimately didn #39;t matter.
3	Problems with PayPal Persist for Fifth Day PayPal #39;s problems arrive at the very start of the crucial holiday selling season. Users began to note problems on Friday following a software upgrade, eBay said.
0	Analysis: Cairo wants better ties Egypt #39;s surprise release of Azzam Azzam Sunday is a clear sign that Cairo is very serious about warming up ties with Israel. Azzam had been incarcerated in Egyptian jails since 1996, and his sudden release 
2	Aussie wealth exceeds \$5 trillion It appears Australians have never been wealthier as total private sector wealth now exceeds \$5 trillion. Officially, private sector wealth is estimated at \$5,013 billion, which is up 18 per cent in the past year.
0	Gunmen Kill Kashmiri Separatist Alliance Leader  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Two gunmen shot dead a member  of the moderate faction of Kashmir's main separatist alliance  on Thursday, police said, days after New Delhi said it will try  to resume a stalled dialogue with the separatists.
0	Indian prime minister visits Kashmir Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday paid his first visit to Kashmir since taking office, as Indian troops began to withdraw from the territory.
0	Peres calls for early general election The leader of the opposition Labour party in Israel, Shimon Peres, has called for an early general election. 
2	Amcor ousts CEO in cartel scandal 07/12/2004 - Amcor, the worlds top manufacturer of plastic bottles, has ousted its chief executive after former staff in Australia were suspected of being involved in an illegal operation to drive up box prices.
0	Republicans Aim to Show Party Diversity (AP) AP - Republican convention organizers have crafted a stage lineup aimed at showing a diverse party, giving a spotlight to Education Secretary Rod Paige, who is black; Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, an Asian American; and minority musical groups.
0	Lava Gives Mount St. Helens Eerie Glow SEATTLE - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night...
1	Female Baseball Pioneer Gacioch Dies (AP) AP - Rosie Gacioch, whose baseball experiences during the World War II era helped inspire the 1992 movie "A League of Their Own," died at 89.
2	UK house prices retreat in August UK house prices fell by 0.6 in August as recent interest rate rises took hold, the Halifax says.
0	EU leaders consider bigger role in Iraq European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.
0	Six Americans killed in Afghanistan plane crash KABUL (AFP) - Three US military personnel and three American civilian crew members were killed when their plane crashed at the weekend in central Afghanistan, the US military said.
1	Vieira:  #39;We #39;ve learned a lot #39; Patrick Vieira declared Arsenal have grown up in European terms after coming of age in their hard-fought Champions League victory against PSV Eindhoven.
1	Mayor Says He Has Votes Mayor Anthony A. Williams predicts he has enough votes to approve financing for a ballpark along the Anacostia waterfront.
1	NHL needs to think small Well, I still think he was a small-minded, wishy-washy puppet, but maybe, it turns out, he was right. Maybe he was right to treat the NHL as a mom-and-pop league, way down the ladder in 
2	Study May ID Source of Vioxx Problem Nov. 11, 2004 -- A private research team claims to have identified a unique action of the painkiller Vioxx, which is independent of its anti-inflammatory action, that might explain why it #39;s linked to heart 
3	Movie Studios Lose In Case Against File-Sharing Apps The decision is likely to force the industry to take the more costly and less-popular route of going directly after file-swappers.
0	UN plan would expand Security Council The United Nations proposed the most sweeping reforms in its history yesterday, recommending the overhaul of its key decision-making organ, the Security Council, and holding 
0	Committee to succeed Arafat denied The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.
3	Russians, American return from space station A Soyuz space capsule containing a US-Russian crew has successfully landed in the steppes of Kazakhstan. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and American astronaut Mike Fincke had left the international space 
3	Benhamou will resign as chairman of PalmSource Eric Benhamou will resign as chairman of PalmSource Inc. on Oct. 28, the company announced Friday. The company said it expects he will continue in his role as chairman of sister company PalmOne Inc.
2	Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made\goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for\computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government\report showed on Wednesday.
1	Stanford stops Huskies LONG BEACH, Calif. -- The University of Washington #39;s magical volleyball season unraveled long before it ended with Oganna Nnamani #39;s strong, graceful swing slamming a ball to the floor to give Stanford the 
0	Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea SEOUL, South Korea Sept. 12, 2004 - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge column of smoke into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.
1	Pakistan to rest speed duo Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said he #39;d likely rest Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami for Tuesday #39;s limited-overs match against an Australian Chairman #39;s XI as Pakistan continues to ease its pace bowlers into the tour.
0	U.S. Bombs Falluja, Rebels Strike in Samarra, Ramadi  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces poised to assault  Falluja bombarded the rebel stronghold on Saturday, while  insurgents launched deadly attacks that killed 34 people in  Samarra, another city in Iraq's Sunni Muslim heartland.
0	Greek Bus Hijackers Want to Go to Russia -- Hostage  ATHENS (Reuters) - A hostage on a hijacked Greek bus said  in a mobile phone call from the vehicle Wednesday that her  captors wanted to fly to Russia and were armed with guns and  explosives.
1	St. Louis puts end to LA #39;s upset hopes The Cardinals had been waiting for someone to step up and deliver the finishing blow, to squash the Dodgers #39; upset dreams and return them to St.
0	Americans Forces Strike Fallujah BAGHDAD, Iraq - American forces bombed a suspected hide-out used by the militant group of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in Fallujah on Tuesday, and the military said its frequent strikes have taken a toll on the leadership of the Jordanian-born terror leader's network.    But in a sign of strength, dozens of militants - some waving banners of al-Zarqawi's Tawhid and Jihad group - drove freely through the streets of another central Iraqi city, Samarra, where U.S...
3	Oracle: PeopleSoft investors should tender shares With tomorrow's deadline approaching, Oracle today made another plea to PeopleSoft stockholders to tender their shares, telling them, "The choice is yours."
2	Australian Stock Index Falls, Led by BHP Billiton (Correct) Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index had its biggest drop in three months, led by BHP Billiton, on concern record high oil prices will slow global economic growth and demand for commodities.
0	Two Afghan hostages phone home KABUL, Afghanistan - Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have called home to say they are OK, officials and relatives said Tuesday, and one hostage said she expected to be released soon.
0	US denies Saddam on hunger strike BAGHDAD (AFP) - The US military in Iraq denied that ousted president Saddam Hussein , captured a year ago and awaiting trial for crimes against humanity, was on hunger strike in his secret American detention centre.
2	Sirius Satellite, on Heels of Stern Deal Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. Friday followed its signing of radio shock jock #39; #39; Howard Stern by announcing an offering of stock and bonds that would raise \$290 million.
2	Apple Falls After Analyst Cuts Rating Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares fell 4 percent after a Needham  amp; Co. analyst lowered his investment rating on the stock to  quot;hold, quot; saying 
1	New Doping Scandal at Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Almost 100 runners set out on Sunday to  recreate history's legendary Marathon while a modern day doping  scandal threatened the gold medal won by Russia at the first  Olympic event held at Ancient Olympia in 1,600 years.
2	Jaguar Workers Reject Strike Action Jaguar workers have voted against striking in protest at the ending of car production at their historic factory in Coventry, it was announced today.
3	Rise of the Robots: Segway Platform Gives Mechanoids Motion (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A military project aimed at building smarter robots has given researchers the wheels they need to make their automatons go.
2	Motorola to cut 1,000 jobs Telecommunications equipment maker Motorola Inc. said Tuesday that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take charges of about \$50 million for severance benefits as part of a drive to increase productivity.
1	Brown Struggles Early, but Yankees End It Fast Kevin Brown flirted with danger in the early innings, allowing the Blue Jays to take a 4-0 edge before the Yankees finally solved the Toronto lefthander Ted Lilly.
0	Five Nations Win Seats on UN Security Council Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan and Tanzania on Friday won coveted two-year terms on the UN Security Council at a time when pressure is mounting to expand the powerful 15-nation body.
1	Foot in door to counter Asia #39;s rise AUSTRALIA #39;s Olympic sports have begun to prepare for the Asian onslaught they expect when Beijing hosts the next Games in 2008.
3	Natl Geographic Film Fest Gives Voice to Unsung Cultures This week the National Geographic All Roads Film Festival showcases indigenous filmmakers. Among the films, an Iranian documentary set in a public restroom, where women remove their veils, smoke, and discuss everything from drugs to sex to religion.
1	Inside the Top 25 Most of the Top 25 is in action this week. No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 California and No. 7 Michigan all face dangerous games against bitter rivals.
2	Florida vacation? Fuggeddaboudit! Area travel agents say forget about taking that fall-break getaway to hurricane-hammered Florida. The situation may not be much better by Thanksgiving, Christmas or even spring break for 
3	Genesis Mission Samples Arrive at Space Center By PAM EASTON     HOUSTON (AP) -- Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project's curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle that could hold clues to the origins of the solar system.    Wafers on five collector panels that broke into thousands of pieces when the capsule slammed into Earth last month secured samples of atoms and ions from solar wind...
0	Iran Says Iraqi Government Risks Losing Support  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said  on Monday Iraq's interim government risked losing popular  support because of its backing for military operations against  Shi'ite Muslim rebels in the holy city of Najaf.
0	Colin Powell to travel to Middle East on Nov 21-22 Washington, Nov 17 (PTI) US Secretary of State Colin Powell, facing his last weeks on the job, will travel to the Middle East as scheduled to accelerate prospects for peacemaking, the State Department has said.
3	Microsoft sues more spammers THE MOST popular purveyor of operating systems in the known world, Microsoft is set to gain PR points by issuing lawsuits against Hotmail spammers.
2	Wrigley to Buy Kraft #39;s Life Savers for \$1.48 Bln (Update2) Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. agreed to buy the Altoids mints and Life Savers brands for \$1.48 billion from Kraft Foods Inc., its biggest acquisition ever, to expand its share of the candy market.
3	No strings attached - but where #39;s the catch? SOMETIMES even the largest technology companies act as if their chief scientist or head of marketing has gone to town with a cow and traded it for a bean.
2	US firms announce 104,530 job cuts in November, survey shows (AFP) AFP - US employers announced plans in November to step up job cuts, with the total exceeding 100,000 for the third month in a row, an industry survey showed.
2	BHP Billiton approves \$1.6 bln copper, iron ore projects MELBOURNE - BHP Billiton Ltd./Plc. (BHP.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) (BLT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest miner, has approved a \$990 million copper project in northern Chile and a \$575 
1	Arizona Signs Glaus All-Star third baseman Troy Glaus agrees to a four-year, \$45 million contract with the Diamondbacks.
3	Intel launches top end Centrino chip A new top-of-the-range Pentium M processor has been introduced by Intel: model 765, which clocks 2.1GHz, with a 400 MHz system bus and 2MB of Level 2 cache.
2	Controversy over Christmas kettles One of the biggest fund-raising efforts of the year is about to begin for the Salvation Army: the Christmas kettle drive. In Flagstaff, the drive will kick off the day after Thanksgiving outside 
3	Wi-Fi inside: new trend In 2003, removable Wi-Fi PC card adapters were displaced by embedded Mini PCI card adapters, representing a fundamental shift, says a new report.
1	Australia off to patient start in Bangalore Australia has made a slow but solid start to the first cricket Test against India in Bangalore. After seven overs, the tourists had reached 0 for 14, with Matthew Hayden on 5 and Justin Langer on 4. For up to date scores, visit our live scorecard.
3	Canon CP-330 Compact Photo Printer The combination of the size (2.2 by 6.7 by 4.8 inches, HWD), weight (2.5 pounds with the battery), and battery lets you bring the printer and a PictBridge camera anywhere and print photos on the spot.
2	Siemens to supply 3G Cingular network Boca Raton-based Siemens Communications said Cingular Wireless has chosen it to help with the mobile phone company #39;s nationwide deployment of a true third generation (3G) high-speed universal mobile telecommunications system (UMTS) network.
3	Post-Election Blues, Driven Ever FWD Into the Past Forty-eight percent of the nation is still sad and upset about the defeat of John Kerry, and you know so because they won't stop forwarding the same few links, cartoons and manifestoes to you, over and over again, as if it were 1998 and the Web were still new and you cheerfully opened every e-mail you received.
2	Sainsburys Back King, Bid Talk Silly, #39; Family Says (Update1) The Sainsbury family backs Chief Executive Justin King #39;s strategy to turn around Britain #39;s third- biggest supermarket chain, Jessica Sainsbury said, and speculation of a takeover is silly.
3	Five important fixes in MS December patch batch Microsoft #39;s regular monthly patch delivery slipped into port yesterday carrying five new patches, each described by Redmond as  quot;important quot;.
3	FDA to Inspect Boston Scientific Stent Plant -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration\expects to inspect Boston Scientific Corp.'s Galway, Ireland\factory in the "near future" as part of its probe into the\company's coronary stent recall, the Wall Street Journal said\on Friday.
0	Market Bomb in Thailand Kills One, Injures at Least 24 A bomb blast at a market in Thailand #39;s troubled southern region has killed one person and injured at least 24, including 13 police officers and soldiers.
0	U.N. Anti-Terror Head Wants More Intelligence Sharing (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N.'s counterterrorism body said\Wednesday countries may be reluctant to show it all their\intelligence but that was the only way the United Nations could\help prevent future terror attacks.
2	Swatch tax complaint dismissed US officials dismiss claims of tax evasion levelled at watchmaker Swatch by two former employees.
0	Feds Says Iraq Election in Jan. Feasible (AP) AP - Elections in January throughout Iraq are an achievable goal, the State Department said Monday, but it refused to predict the goal would be reached.
2	Sprint will 700 Stellen im Verkauf und Support streichen Overland Park, 15.10.04 - Sprint Corporation announced it will record in its third quarter financial results a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge reducing the value of its long-distance network assets.
2	Boeing earnings jump 78 Strong performances across the Boeing Co. quot;s defense systems businesses including the C-17 and X-45 programs based in Long Beach and future combat systems in Huntington Beach helped boost third 
0	China, US agree to revive talks on N. Korean nuke issue Beijing, Oct. 25 (PTI): China and the US today agreed to work jointly to re-energise the six-party talks mechanism aimed at dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear programmes while Washington urged Beijing to resume 
3	California's New Stem-Cell Initiative Is Already Raising Concerns Medical ethicists are concerned that the \$3 billion that California approved for embryonic stem cell research could become a bonanza for private profiteers.
0	Liberals face one-year election anniversary dogged by "promise breakers" label (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A year ago Liberal Leader Dalton McGuinty solemnly pledged to Ontarians in prime-time TV election ads that he would make Ontario a better place - without raising taxes.
2	Oil Price Drop Fuels Europe Stocks Gains (Reuters) Reuters - European shares opened higher on\Thursday, encouraged by Wall Street's powerful performance\overnight on the back of a slump in oil prices, while Swiss\Life  rose after posting solid growth in premium income.
2	Update 1: Snow Says US Dealing With Budget Deficit US Treasury Secretary John Snow reassured critics Wednesday that America is dealing with its huge budget and trade deficits, but discounted any suggestions of official intervention to prop up the ailing US dollar.
3	Open Source Software Goes to Work PC World: Businesses don #39;t have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
2	Iceland firms linked to Easyjet Shares in low-cost airline Easyjet jump by 15 on speculation it is a takeover target for one of three Icelandic carriers.
1	Brazil Race Debrief: Fernandos sterling drive Once more, the eighteenth race of the season provided a perfect illustration of the young Spaniards tenacity and never-say-die spirit. Heres how
0	UFJ Forecasts Loss; Mitsubishi Tokyo Profit Declines (Update1) UFJ Holdings Inc. widened its loss forecast to 750 billion yen (\$7.3 billion) as it bids to clear bad loans before merging with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc.
1	Time runs out on Redskins A record crowd of 90.367 entered FedEx Field Monday night hoping to witness a new chapter in what has become a lopsided rivalry between the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins.
2	Bowser sales pump Coles SHARES in Coles Myer raced to another record high yesterday as chief executive John Fletcher forecast double-digit sales growth for 2004-05 after a barnstorming start to the financial year.
2	Ahlers to retire as head of Marshall Field #39;s Linda Ahlers, president of Marshall Field #39;s, will retire effective Dec. 31, the store chain #39;s owner May Department Stores Co.
0	Al-Sadr Loyalists Turning in Weapons Soldiers from the Iraqi National Guard show off mortars after militia members delivered sacks of the rounds to Iraqi security forces in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Oct. 11, 2004.
0	EU agrees to eight proposals by Iran TEHRAN (MNA) - After 22 hours of intense negotiations in Paris, Iranian and European representatives announced an initial agreement on the complete framework for further nuclear talks.
0	Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
0	Nepal ranks low in media freedom index According to the Third Annual Worldwide Index of Press Freedom released in Paris yesterday by the Reporters Sans Frontiers, Nepal is 160th out of 167 countries, with Denmark at top and North Korea at the bottom.
0	Radical Muslim cleric wanted in US to be charged in Britain  LONDON -- Britain will charge radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with terrorism offenses, sources said yesterday, stalling US attempts to extradite him over a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen and links to Al Qaeda.
2	Civil Society Slights Visiting IMF Chief Rato THE community constituency of the National Economic, Development and Labour Council (Nedlac) yesterday snubbed the MD of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) , Rodrigo Rato, on the first day of his whistle-stop South African tour .
3	FBI Seizes Counterfeit Software Eleven charged in 'Digital Marauder' case that could hit \$87 million.
2	Disney to Hire Search Firm to Find New Chief by June Disney directors said they would hire an executive search firm immediately and name a successor by June to replace Michael D. Eisner, the current chief executive.
1	Injured Beckham cuts short training England captain David Beckham was forced to leave training early after failing to shake off a rib injury just two days before he is due to face Poland in a World Cup qualifier.
0	U.S. Forces Bomb Falluja, Release Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces freed the police chief of  the rebel-held city of Falluja on Tuesday after warplanes  bombed what the military said were houses and arms dumps used  by America's top enemy in Iraq.
1	Football 101: Option football One of the things that separates college football from the NFL is the diversity of offensive schemes that you see every week. The triple option is unique to college football and it will be showcased 
2	US trade deficit hits another record WASHINGTON - The US trade deficit continues to swell to new records, hitting \$55.5 billion US in October. The US Commerce Department said Tuesday that the trade deficit grew by 8.9 per cent from September, even 
3	Adobe expands push for video, photo hobbyists com September 15, 2004, 11:03 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
3	Cisco plans to open a R amp;D center in Japan Cisco is continuing their plans to establish a dominating position in the Japanese market. They recently signed a hardware deal with local player Fujitsu to manufacture high-end routers and switches for the local market.
0	Diplomats: Iran likely to reject incentives Iran is unlikely to accept European incentives to get it to suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday, raising the prospect of a showdown next month between Tehran and the UN nuclear-watchdog agency.
0	Senior French official evacuated under fire in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE : A senior French government official was evacuated from a Haitian hospital after unknown gunmen opened fire, in an apparent attack on the official.
2	EDS offers early retirement to 9,200 workers PLANO, Texas - Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Tuesday it would offer early retirement incentives to 9,200 US workers, or 17.4 percent of its domestic work force, and expects to take a \$150 million charge in the fourth quarter to cover the costs.
2	Stocks to Watch on Sept. 22  The brokerage firm and investment bank will report its  third-quarter earnings before the market opens. The stock  closed at \$ 90.09 on Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange.  
2	Canada #39;s C\$3 Bln Petro-Canada Stake Is Filed for Sale (Update1) The Canadian government moved forward with plans to sell its C\$3.04 billion (\$2.36 billion) stake in Petro-Canada, as the oil company filed offering documents with US and Canadian regulators.
0	Rumsfeld warning for Iraq's Sadr The Iraq crisis and differences over Nato loom over the US Defence Secretary's meeting with his Russian counterpart.
3	Poker Proves a Hot Hand For Gaming Industry Card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Couple arrested over Jakarta embassy blast Indonesian police have arrested a man and his wife suspected of possible involvement in last week #39;s suicide car bombing at the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
1	Receiver to have surgery Thursday, may need ACL repaired Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will have surgery Thursday to repair torn cartilage in his left knee and may need to have his anterior cruciate ligament fixed as well, coach Jeff Fisher said Tuesday.
2	Schaefer, Ehrlich Spar Over Tax Shelter Maryland Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. is considering a plan to reopen a large corporate tax loophole the General Assembly closed over his objections this year, according to state tax officials.
1	MVP: Manny, very possibly Manny Ramirez said in the spring that he'd love to win a Most Valuable Player award, but he knows better than to pin his hopes on it, regardless of how well he plays.
3	Digital appliance market heats up over formats TOKYO - Japanese electronics makers are engaged in a battle for shares of the new markets for digital home appliances, such as next-generation DVDs and cutting-edge television displays, aware that the winners in the initial stages will likely remain 
2	Greenspan: Economy Regaining Traction  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is pulling out of a  June soft patch and picking up steam, Federal Reserve chief  Alan Greenspan said on Wednesday in remarks economists saw as  cementing a September interest-rate rise.
2	Kmart Appoints Lewis New CEO, President The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc., as its new chief executive and president.
1	Cambridge constructs comeback After All-Scholastic Matt O'Brien tossed a wayward pass into the arms of Arlington's Neil Rainford in the third quarter, Cambridge could see its season of hope slipping away almost before it had a chance to get started. Rainford returned the pick 50 yards for a touchdown to give Arlington a 14-10 lead over its Greater Boston League rival, ...
3	Cuban Tree Frogs Moving Toward S.C. (AP) AP - Everything from fire ants and coyotes to armadillos, lionfish and beach kudzu have made new homes in South Carolina over the years. So can the Cuban tree frog be far behind?
2	Does Geico Own  #39;Geico #39; or Does Google? NEW YORK - Geico doesn #39;t mind you Googling Geico, but when you do, it wants Google to tell you about Geico, not Allstate or AIG.
1	Colts, Vanderjagt save best for last Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks. Mike Vanderjagt's leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts.
2	French boss steps down from EADS Philippe Camus announces that he will  leave Franco-German defence group EADS, bringing the company's power struggle to an end.
0	Victorious on Gun Ban, NRA Looks Toward Elections (Reuters) Reuters - With its battle to kill the\decade-long U.S. ban on assault weapons won, the National Rifle\Association is now setting its sights on the Nov. 2\presidential and congressional elections.
3	A Space Race to Change the World USA Today -- More than eight years ago, a new space race began with the announcement of the X Prize Competition. Based on prizes that inspired the development of aviation in the early 20th century, the X Prize was started to encourage private space travel through a competition to build the first reusable spacecraft...
1	SA skipper Smith suffers foot injury Kolkata: South African skipper Graeme Smith suffered an injury to his left foot in a minor accident near the team hotel here today.
3	Apple Intros New iBook Notebook, G5 Desktop Just in time for holiday shopping, Apple released on Tuesday a new line of its entry-level iBook notebook computers. The latest version of the iBook line packs more processing power than its predecessors and 
2	Corporate Tax Measure Approved After nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the Senate passed a \$137 billion corporate tax bill on Monday that gave something to almost everyone.
2	Oil hits record on heating concerns NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices rose to another record Tuesday as a long supply disruption in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan caused concern about winter heating fuel supplies.
2	Man Utd fans draw up defence plan Fans and small shareholders in Man United hope to increase their holdings as a way of seeing off Malcolm Glazer or any other bidder for the club.
1	Olazabal in hunt for US invitation Jose Maria Olazabal has revealed that his participation on next year #39;s regular US Tour now hinges on receiving sponsors invitations.
0	Siege at Russian School Over, At least 100 Dead The hostage crisis at a school in southern Russian has ended, after a daylong battle between militants and authorities that left at least 100 people dead, many of them children, and hundreds more wounded.
2	UPDATE 1-Argentina loan review delayed, talks continue The International Monetary Fund said on Thursday the third review of Argentina #39;s \$13 billion loan program was delayed but both sides were still talking.
0	CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story (AP) AP - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.
2	Broadcom buys into cell phone graphics com September 20, 2004, 12:05 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
3	Magma Breaks Surface at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Magma that has been rising inside Mount St. Helens after weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions finally pushed its way to the surface Tuesday, forming a new lava dome just behind the existing one in the volcano's crater.
2	From Economic Power to Economic Powder JEDDAH, 6 December 2004 - The current situation with Iraq has all the ingredients of a long-term liability to the balance sheet of America, which some day it might be a disaster to the state of world economy.
3	AT T Wireless Sells Dedicated Messaging Device  NEW YORK (Reuters) - AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AWE.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;  launches a mobile e-mail and messaging device without voice  service on Monday, aiming to use a low price to tempt young  consumers.
1	Prem Wrap: Goalfest As Big Guns Flex Their Muscles It #39;s as you were at the top and bottom of the Premiership afrter a December Saturday on which the  #39;Big Three #39; all recorded emphatic victories, scoring ten goals between them and conceding precisely none.
1	Transactions BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Recalled P Roberto Novoa, OF Curtis Granderson and INF Ryan Raburn from Erie (EL).
1	The fat lady finally sings Olympic Stadium has always had the lighting of a morgue. Stark and blindingly white, you could roll out a gurney and perform an autopsy at home plate - which is what #39;s now in order, given there #39;s been a needless death at The Big O.
1	Chicago Orders Cubs to Fix Wrigley Field (AP) AP - The protective netting in place to protect fans from falling concrete at Wrigley Field must be replaced with a permanent solution if the Chicago Cubs want to play at the stadium next spring.
1	Champ takes Oscar #39;s body and soul BOXING has long been starved of magic and stardust, at least since Lennox Lewis put an end to the myth of Mike Tyson two years ago.
1	49 min: El Karkouri scores the winner (Getty Images) 90 mins: And so the curtain comes down on a match of very fine margins. Not an epic by any stretch of the imagination but both teams worked extremely hard but never really showed enough craft to open the opposition defence.
0	Hamas leader killed in Syria, official says A Hamas leader was killed Sunday when a car exploded in Damascus, Syria, an official of the Palestinian militant group told CNN. It was not clear whether the explosion that killed Izz al-Din al-Sheikh 
3	IT managers prescribe holistic security &lt;strong&gt;Reg Reader Studies&lt;/strong&gt; But don't swallow own medicine
2	No FDA regs for cigs in tax bill WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- A proposed compromise designed to reconcile competing versions of a key corporate tax bill would allow for a federal buyout of subsidized tobacco growers, but strikes Senate-approved language that would give the Food and Drug 
2	Greenspan Floats Higher Retirement Age An aging population will put significant stresses on the budget deficit over the next three decades, a problem that could be solved by raising the retirement age, Federal Reserve Chief Alan Greenspan said in a speech Friday.
0	Politician #39;s arrest stirs suspicions in Hong Kong BEIJING - The arrest of a Hong Kong pro-democracy candidate in mainland China on charges of soliciting a prostitute touched off a media furor in the former British colony yesterday and fueled suspicion that Beijing was trying to influence ...
2	Treasuries Rise as Oil Spikes to Record (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Tuesday\amid a relentless rise in oil costs that hinted at a slowdown\in consumer spending in the coming holiday season.
3	SBC to Combine E-Mail, Voicemail, Faxes (AP) AP - It's what executives of SBC Communications Inc. call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone.
3	File-Sharing Network Thrives Beneath the Radar  LONDON (Reuters) - A file-sharing program called BitTorrent  has become a behemoth, devouring more than a third of the  Internet's bandwidth, and Hollywood's copyright cops are taking  notice.
2	UPDATE 2-Italy Treasury makes 7.5 bln euros from Enel sale The Italian Treasury has raised 7.5 billion euros (\$9.5 billion) from the sale of almost 20 percent of utility company Enel (ENEI.
2	Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least a year.
2	Update 3: OPEC Boosts Production Target 1 Million In an attempt to prove it can still influence the global oil market, OPEC boosted its production target by 1 million barrels a day and began lobbying oil producers that aren #39;t part of the cartel to follow suit.
3	White-knuckle flight MOJAVE, Calif. A test pilot yesterday made a successful foray into space marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in 16 seconds.
0	Norwegian oil production faces paralysis after lock-out threat (AFP) AFP - Norway's oil production faces a crisis in mid-November with a threat by oil sector groups to stage a lock-out to end industrial action which has weighed on the industry since July.
1	Singh shoots for No. 10 this week Top-ranked Vijay Singh, Ernie Els, Tiger Woods and other top stars tee off Thursday in the Tour Championship in Georgia. Singh is shooting for his 10th victory of the year and sixth in his last eight tournaments.
2	Disney begins new CEO hunt Bowing to pressure from investors, Disney #39;s board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner by next June.
0	Palestinian Prisoners End Hunger Strike  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails  Thursday have effectively ended an 18-day-old hunger strike  after most of their demands for better conditions were met, a  Palestinian cabinet minister said.
2	SEC Calls on Fannie to Restate Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Wednesday said Fannie Mae misapplied accounting  principles and called on the mortgage finance company to  restate earnings.
0	Netherlands Panel Suggests Turkey-EU Talks (AP) AP - An influential Dutch advisory body said Wednesday that Islam was not a bar to membership in the European Union and recommended the organization open talks with Turkey, while insisting Ankara do more to meet EU human rights standards.
3	IDC: Server market hits \$11.5 billion Fuelled by strong sales of Windows and Linux systems, the worldwide server market grew to \$11.5 billion during the second quarter of 2004, according to numbers released Friday by industry research company IDC. Server shipment revenue was up 6.9 percent from last year's second quarter, and the total number of servers shipped jumped 21 percent during that same period, IDC said.
1	American wins super-G AMERICAN Bode Miller won a men #39;s World Cup super-G here today, capturing his second race in as many days and his third in three starts so far this season.
3	GuruNet Spins Off Answers.com - A Reference Driven Search Engine GuruNet Spins Off Answers.com - A Reference Driven Search Engine\\GuruNet Corporation today announced the release of Answers.com, a site-and-software combination providing instant reference answers rather than lists of search engine links. GuruNet Corporation, through its Answers.com site, plans to generate revenues from ads placed alongside its topic entries, rather than ...
2	Companies given more time meet new rules on stock options The Federal Accounting Standards Board has voted to give companies six more months to meet new rules that would require companies to consider employee stock options an expense.
1	2 Davids Lead Georgia to Preseason Top 5 (AP) AP - David Greene was a star from the moment he first took the field for No. 3 Georgia. David Pollack needed a little more time.
1	Astros continue winning run The Houston Astros claimed their 11th straight win, thanks to a 9-7 success over the Cincinnati Reds. Mark Lamb and Carlos Beltran both homered while Roy Oswalt won for the 17th time this season as the Astros 
0	Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife Teresa Heinz-Kerry changed his life, he has told GQ magazine.
0	Iran says it won #39;t halt nuclear technology drive Iran on Sunday rejected European demands it halt its pursuit of nuclear technology but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances it would not use that technology to build atomic weapons.
1	Raiders win snow bowl  quot;Dead over the middle, quot; he said. And in he came, all 6-foot-8 and 345 pounds of him, to block a 43-yard Denver field goal attempt with 31 seconds to play, secure a 25-24 victory for the Oakland 
1	Koorzhanenko kicked out of Olympics Disgraced Olympic shot put championIrina Korzhanenko from Russia has been expelled from the Athens Games after failing a drugs test, the International Olympic Committee said on Monday.
0	Rescuers search for more survivors as Philippine storm death toll &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; REAL, Philippines : Philippine rescuers are digging through the rubble of a collapsed building for more survivors, as the number of dead and missing from two storms which lashed the country rose to nearly 1,600.
3	Microsoft trots out MSN Search beta A beta version of the search engine Microsoft Corp. is developing went live Thursday, offering users an interface and a set of features that make the product begin to resemble established search engines from competitors Google Inc., Yahoo Inc., Ask Jeeves Inc. and America Online Inc. (AOL).
3	Toshiba Has Big Plans for Small Drives Company will begin production on sub-1-inch hard drive later this year.
1	Nutt Boasts Good Record Against Texas (AP) AP - Since taking over at Arkansas in 1998, coach Houston Nutt is 21-0 against nonconference opponents in the regular season.
1	Colorado Is Not Quite All Better The scene at the end of Colorado's victory Saturday night probably was not what the university was looking for after a tumultuous off-season.
3	Marvel sues NCSoft over City of Heroes When you hear the words  quot;comic books, quot; two companies spring to mind: DC and Marvel. Despite having a checked history--even declaring bankruptcy in the late 1990s--Marvel has become a financial powerhouse in the 21st Century.
2	US and EU put air dispute on hold Washington and Brussels say they will not escalate a dispute over subsidies to Boeing and Airbus.
2	Rising health costs lead many consumers to cut retirement savings, survey finds A rising number of Americans say healthcare is the most critical issue facing America today, and many are having trouble covering the costs, according to a survey released yesterday.
0	Eastern provinces prepare for typhoon The eye of typhoon Aere will move northwestward after sweeping past a sea area off Taipei and will hit East China coastal areas between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning.
3	IBM to Sell PC Sector to Chinese Firm Lenovo Group said Wednesday it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for \$1.25 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	Russian Craft Docks with Space Station (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian spacecraft delivered\three astronauts to the International Space Station on\Saturday, smoothly overcoming docking system problems which had\delayed its launch.
1	Suns notebook: Suns pack it in on defense Bo Outlaw is arriving for his second stint with the Suns to stiffen a defense that works a bit differently than when he departed before last season.
2	US Air Shares Slide, Pilots Reject Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of US Airways Group Inc. slipped  as much as 23 percent in early trading on Tuesday after its  pilots union rejected the company's latest contract proposal, a  blow to its attempt to avoid a second trip through bankruptcy.
1	Clash of Southern Titans Georgia visits No. 3 Tigers One hundred and twelve years ago, there was a birth in the nation #39;s southern-most states. It is the Auburn-Georgia series and it takes place in Jordan-Hare Stadium, one of the nation #39;s loudest, biggest and most historic.
1	Chiappone seeks 5-year bear hunt ban A Bayonne lawmaker is still hoping to save black bears in New Jersey from being shot by hunters, despite a court ruling issued yesterday that prevents the state #39;s Department of Environmental 
1	Ohio State Secures Victory, but Michigan Gains Rose Bowl Bid The Buckeyes stunned the No. 7 Wolverines, who still get to go to Pasadena because they defeated co-Big Ten Champion Iowa, 30-17, on Sept 25.
3	Microsoft dodges anti-spyware charge accusations According to a story on CNN #39;s Web site, the software giant #39;s recent acquisition of anti-spyware company GIANT might mean users have to pay in order to benefit from the added security to Microsoft applications.
3	Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an  attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computer's &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  iPod.
3	Microsoft, Yahoo extend contract for Web ads Microsoft has extended its partnership with Yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its U.S. and international MSN sites, despite the software maker's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
1	Mets Recall Ginter, Option 1B Brazell (AP) AP - The New York Mets recalled right-hander Matt Ginter from Triple-A Norfolk in time for him to start Sunday's game against the San Francisco Giants.
0	Dutch mosque largely destroyed by fire suspect may have been the latest in a spate of arson attacks against religious targets.  quot;We are assuming it was arson, quot; police spokeswoman Judith Verbaan said of Saturday #39;s blaze at Helden.
0	US looking at uniform issue WASHINGTON: The United States said it was aware of the announcement that Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would stay on as head of the armed forces and the countrys president at the same time, according to an Online report and said it would look 
2	Tax benefit lifts Pepsi profit 35 percent PURCHASE, NY -- PepsiCo Inc. #39;s net income rose 35 percent in its latest quarter from a year ago, helped by growth in beverage and snack volume, as well as a tax benefit.
3	Amazon lists PlayStation 3 Retailer's Japanese arm posts product page for hotly anticipated game console.
3	ARM to buy designer of systems-on-a-chip With the acquisition of Artisan Components, ARM will get 340 employees, plus facilities in California and India.
0	Megawati unlikely to contest poll loss Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri is unlikely to contest her defeat in last month #39;s presidential election race at the constitutional court.
1	Larkin Won #39;t Be Coming Back to Reds Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
1	Detroit Tigers Team Report - August 20 Detroit comes into tonight #39;s tilt on a winning note after Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead the Tigers to an 8-4 pasting of the Chicago White Sox. 
2	Dollar Edges Down on Doubts Over Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down on Friday after  soft U.S. manufacturing data fueled the view that the Federal  Reserve may slow or even temporarily halt its tightening  campaign.
0	US forces find two more bodies near Mosul; militant group claims &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq US soldiers have found two more bodies in the Iraqi city of Mosul. The military says at least one of the bodies is that of an Iraqi Army soldier.
1	Eagles' McDougle Has Irregular Heartbeat (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive end Jerome McDougle missed practice Friday because of an irregular heartbeat and was doubtful for the Eagles' game this weekend against Cleveland.
1	Security Officials Relieved, Vigilant ATHENS, Aug. 19 -- Worried about the potential for a terrorist catastrophe, Greece is spending about \$1.5 billion on security for the Olympic Games. The biggest threats so far? Foreign journalists and a Canadian guy dressed in a tutu. 
3	Microsoft, Sun to talk about cooperation Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on December 1 will deliver a joint update on their collaborations pursuant to an April 2004 technology-sharing agreement to boost interoperability between the two vendors products, according to a Microsoft representative on Wednesday.
3	Sunlight to Fuel Hydrogen Future Solar power these days comes from cells that turn light into electricity, but researchers are now working on materials that can crank out hydrogen. By John Gartner.
0	India, Russia aim to improve trade, military ties President Vladimir Putin arrived in New Delhi early on Friday for talks with leaders of India #39;s new communist-backed government amid expectations that India and Russia will bolster trade and military ties.
1	Good health is key to Ferguson #39;s future The 18th anniversary today of the start of Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s Manchester United career requires no more significant reminder that every great reign depends on perpetual 
3	After a Decade, Philips Makes PCs Again  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - After an absence of a decade, Philips  Electronics is making personal computers again, the company  said on Thursday.  The Netherlands-based electronics  conglomerate, which abandoned the PC business in the early  1990s after suffering big losses, quietly introduced six models  together with British retailer Dixons earlier this week.
3	Cisco Source Code Up For Sale: Only \$24,000 spackbace writes  quot;The notorious, mysterious Source Code Club (SCC) has re-emerged, this time selling source code for a Cisco application in another blatant violation of copyright regulations.
2	China May Need More Rate Increases to Contain Economy Economists say China may need to raise interest rates again in the coming months as it struggles to cool its economy and move toward free-market banking reforms.
3	Google Launches New Book-Search Feature By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search leader Google Inc. (GOOG) is becoming more bookish...
0	Alta ex-alderwoman gets conditional sentence for fabricating stalking stories (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LETHBRIDGE, Alta. (CP) - Dar Heatherington, the former alderwoman who made headlines last year when she mysteriously disappeared in Montana, was given a 20-month conditional sentence Friday for fabricating tales of being stalked.
3	And yet it melts Some people still think the world is flat. Others firmly believe that the sun rotates around the earth. In spite of all the evidence to the contrary, they cling to their opinions based on the naive realism 
3	Giant Retailer Web Sites Hit With Outages Walmart.com, Amazon.com suffer site performance problems during holiday shopping.
0	Polls Show Tight Contest in Australia SYDNEY, Australia Oct. 9, 2004 - Australians voted Saturday on whether to hold onto their three-term conservative government and keep their troops in Iraq, or choose the opposition Labor Party and endorse 
0	Brit captive still alive, says brother LONDON -- The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a Briton held hostage in Iraq, said yesterday he had been told the captive was still alive, a contention echoed by the leader of a London-based Islamic centre.
3	Geminid meteor showers alarm area residents WASHINGTON It #39;s a global celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
0	'New al-Qaeda tape' is released An audio tape said to have been recorded by Osama Bin Laden's deputy is broadcast by Arabic TV channel al-Jazeera.
0	Heinz Kerry Reports Nearly  #36;2.3M in 2003 (AP) AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry made nearly  #36;2.3 million in 2003 and had a federal and state tax bill of close to  #36;800,000, according to tax forms filed Friday.
1	Lack of finishing kicks ends Revolution's run WASHINGTON -- Another Revolution season concluded with an overtime elimination. Last night, the Revolution thrice rallied from deficits for a 3-3 tie with D.C. United in the Eastern Conference final, then lost in the first-ever Major League Soccer match decided by penalty kicks.
0	EU leaders extend trade carrot in Iran nuclear standoff European Union leaders Friday dangled the prospect of a lucrative trade pact to Iran if the Islamic republic suspends its nuclear programme.
3	Ballmer Touts Microsoft #39;s Innovation In Spite Of Longhorn Snafu Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said innovation and customer responsiveness should be top priorities for ISVs, even as Microsoft itself last week admitted that the next version of Windows will fall short of the mark when it hits the shelves in 2006.
0	Captors urged to set Japanese free Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has urged the captors of Shosei Koda in Iraq to set him free. In an interview to Aljazeera #39;s correspondent in Tokyo on Wednesday, he said,  quot;Koda is a civilian who 
1	Gardner Puts Down Boots to Begin New Life A giant man placing his blue boots in the center of a yellow mat would be a strange sight to the uninitiated. But to American Rulon Gardner, the symbolism was huge.
3	Mac Malware Discovered ZDNet is reporting on a script-based threat that spies on Mac OS X users: The malware, which has been dubbed Opener by Mac user groups, has the potential to disable Mac OS X #39;s built-in firewall, steal personal information or destroy data.
0	Iraq Closes Al-Jazeera Office Indefinitely (AP) AP - The Iraqi government shut down Al-Jazeera's Baghdad operations indefinitely on Saturday, extending a one-month closure order imposed after the pan-Arab channel was accused of inciting violence.
3	Pigeons  #39;sense magnetic field #39; Homing pigeons use the Earth #39;s magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists writing in Nature magazine confirm.
2	Regal Posts Lower Quarterly Profit, Sales Regal Entertainment Group, the largest movie theatre owner in the United States, said Tuesday that declining attendance drove down third-quarter profit and revenue year-over-year.
1	IPC President Phil CRAVEN  A few moments of his life ATHENS, 18 September - At the Opening Ceremony of the 12th Paralympic Games, Phil CRAVEN, MBE, congratulated Athens and all its citizens that have contributed to getting the city ready for the Paralympic Games.
1	Europe favourites for 2006, insists  #39;Mr Ryder Cup #39; COLIN Montgomerie has taken pride in the certainty that Europe will go into the next Ryder Cup match at the K Club against the United States as favourites for the first time.
1	Sachin ready to rumble TEAMMATE Harbhajan Singh copped the full force of a Sachin Tendulkar revival yesterday as the Little Master defended his gamble to face Australia tomorrow.
2	Airbus says American firms could be victims of WTO battle American companies could become  quot;collateral victims quot; of Washington #39;s decision to escalate the row between Boeing and Airbus over subsidies into a full-scale dispute, according to Nol Forgeard, president and chief executive of the European aircraft maker 
1	FOOTBALL: BURNS FACES SCOTS KO CELTIC manager Martin O #39;Neill last night insisted that club commitments could prevent Tommy Burns staying onas Scotland #39;s No.2.
1	Harmison rated best Test bowler ENGLAND fast bowler Steve Harmison is the world #39;s number one bowler, according to the latest PwC Test ratings. The Durham quick #39;s match-winning nine-wicket haul in the fourth and final Test against the West 
0	Twins Edge Royals 4-3 MINNEAPOLIS - Terry Tiffee led off the bottom of the ninth with his first major league home run to lift the Minnesota Twins past Kansas City 4-3 on Saturday.    Tiffee, who joined the Twins when rosters expanded on Sept...
3	Boeing and Northrop Grumman forge space alliance Boeing and Northrop Grumman have inked a memorandum of agreement which will see the two aerospace giants join forces to compete for the contract to build NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) - part of the Agency #39;s Constellation project to send robotic 
1	Ramirez sits as injuries continue to bug The way Manny Ramirez knelt and grimaced in agony Friday night after he drilled a pitch off his knee, the possibility of him returning soon to the Red Sox lineup seemed remote. The contusion of Ramirez's left knee was serious enough to force him out of action last night, though the Sox hoped he could return today for the series ...
1	Owens Runs Wild as Eagles Destroy Cowboys (Reuters) Reuters - Terrell Owens scored three touchdowns\and the Philadelphia Eagles amassed 35 first-half points on the\way to a 49-21 drubbing of the Dallas Cowboys in Irving, Texas,\Monday.
2	TOSHIBA intente une action en justice contre Hynix Semiconductor &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 8, 2004--Toshiba Corporation a annonc ce jour qu #39;elle intentait un procs  Hynix Semiconductor au Japon et aux Etats-Unis pour contrefaon des brevets relatifs aux mmoires  semiconducteurs.
2	EU Commission taking its time with SCH bid for Abbey National The European Commission is taking all the time it needs to rule on Banco Santander Central Hispano #39;s bid for Abbey National, competition spokeswoman Amelia Torres said Monday.
3	Taking the SMS gamble As chief marketing officer of UK mobile phone giant O2, Kent Thexton was in charge of convincing subscribers to gobble up wireless data.
0	Explosives residue found in wreckage of other Russian jet; new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian investigators found residue of an explosive substance on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart Tuesday night, a security spokesman said yesterday 
0	UN prepared to help ease Congo-Rwanda tensions Peacekeepers in Congo are prepared to help disarm Hutu rebels threatening Rwanda from Congolese soil to ease tensions between the two Central African neighbors, the United Nations said on Thursday.
0	Italy #39;s military presence in Iraq will continue despite abduction Italy will do whatever is possible to secure the release of an Italian freelance journalist kidnapped byIraqi insurgents, but will not bow to demands to withdraw its troops, the Italian government said Tuesday.
1	McNair remains hospitalized with bruised sternum Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair remained in a Nashville hospital Monday because of a bruised sternum, but tests revealed no serious injuries.
0	US attacks Falluja 'arms store' A US air strike hits the rebellious city of Falluja, as the Iraqi government says it is now in control of Samarra.
3	Music piracy: What should be done? The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is to take legal action against people who download music illegally from the internet. The organisation has said it will target individuals who make music available 
1	A forward pass With yesterday #39;s report on its athletic department violations completed, the University of Washington says it is pleased to be able to move forward.
1	Utes spread the wealth With quarterback Alex Smith at the controls, unbeaten Utah is second in the nation in scoring. Utah #39;s offensive architects don #39;t take credit for reinventing the spread, the veer, option football or the wheel, for that matter.
3	House Dems Seek Election Inquiry Three congressmen are asking the General Accounting Office to investigate irregularities with voting machines during the presidential election, but they don't anticipate a change in election outcome. By Kim Zetter.
1	AL Wrap: Blue Jays Blitzed by Six Homers from Yankees  TORONTO (Reuters) - Tony Clark whacked three consecutive  home runs as the New York Yankees reeled off six homers and  nine ninth-inning runs to bulldoze their way past the Toronto  Blue Jays 18-6 in the American League Saturday.
0	Row erupts as Cuba refuses entry to Spanish, Dutch lawmakers MADRID : A political row erupted after Spain and the Netherlands vehemently protested Cuba #39;s refusal to grant entry to three parliamentary deputies who had arrived in Havana to meet Cuban dissidents.
0	Gaza schoolgirl dies of injuries A Palestinian schoolgirl has died after being struck when Israeli troops fired at her school in Gaza on Tuesday.
0	Cheney and Edwards Go Toe to Toe in Debate Iraq and terrorism dominated a hard-hitting and sometimes personal exchange between the vice presidential nominees on Tuesday.
1	Lester left with an empty feeling PITTSBURGH -- Larry Lester seemed inconsolable as he sat on a chair outside the visitors' locker room at Heinz Field. His head bowed, Lester agonized over the fumble he lost in overtime in Boston College's 20-17 setback yesterday to the Pittsburgh Panthers.
2	Virgin Unveils Super-Small MP3 Player; Goes After iPod mini Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
2	Janus Finalizes Regulatory Settlement (AP) AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. said Wednesday it has finalized a  #36;226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over improper trading allegations, part of a scandal sweeping the  #36;7 trillion mutual funds industry.
3	Google releases Scholar Search In the latest release of its customized search engines, the groups of people to be benefited are Scholars and Scientists. The engine is called Google Scholar and as usual with Google, it is in beta.
2	Consumers Tighten Borrowing in August WASHINGTON Oct. 7, 2004 - Consumers cut back on their borrowing in August by the largest amount since the end of 1990 as confidence in the economy fell and energy prices surged.
3	China's Lenovo to buy IBM's PC business China's Lenovo Group Ltd. has agreed to acquire IBM's personal computing division for \$1.25 billion in cash and equity, a move expected to transform it into the world's No. 3 PC maker.
3	Major movie studios vow to sue Internet pirates The major Hollywood studios vowed yesterday to sue people who illegally download movies from the Internet, borrowing a page from the music industry #39;s script of using lawsuits to fight online piracy.
0	EU extends ban on Asian poultry imports The European Union said Wednesday it had extended a ban on imports of chicken meat and pet birds from several Asian countries hit by avian flu to March 31 next year.
1	Klinsmann hoping for another success HAMBURG - Since taking over as coach from Rudi Voeller, Juergen Klinsmann has not lost a game with Germany and the World Cup winner is hoping to continue that run against Cameroon on Wednesday in Leipzig.
1	Pacers Pull Out Win Jamaal Tinsley has a career-high 29 points and James Jones had a career-best 22 points and 10 rebounds to lead the suspension-weakened Pacers to a 106-96 win over the Celtics.
1	Brazilian championship matches stopped for minute of silence after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brazilian championship matches were stopped for a minute #39;s silence Wednesday in response to news that Sao Caetano defender Serginho died after collapsing on the field at Morumbi Stadium.
1	Roddick vs. Federer in Thailand Open final Roger Federer and Andy Roddick pulled out three-set victories Saturday to set up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Thailand Open. Top-ranked Federer got past Thai star Paradorn Srichaphan 7-5, 2-6, 6-3 in the 
1	Swimming Canada fires coach CALGARY (CP) - Swimming Canada has fired head coach Dave Johnson, who came under fire for Canada #39;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in Athens.
2	Delphi Narrows Quarterly Net Loss Auto parts supplier Delphi Corp. (DPH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday posted a smaller quarterly loss as lower restructuring charges offset the effects of North American 
3	India's Kashmir Govt to Fight Ban on Shahtoosh Wool (Reuters) Reuters - India's Jammu and Kashmir state\plans to fight a global ban on the trade in super-fine\shahtoosh wool, which environmentalists say is produced by\killing a rare Tibetan antelope.
2	Deere Earnings Jump, Raises 2004 Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DE.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the world's  largest farm equipment makers, on Tuesday said quarterly  earnings jumped sharply, driven in part by strength in its  agricultural and construction equipment businesses.
3	E-Mail Voting Prompts Security Concerns By KELLY WIESE    JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) -- Missouri will allow members of the military stationed overseas to return absentee ballots via e-mail, raising concerns from Internet security experts about fraud and ballot secrecy...
3	Ballmer: Linux Can #39;t Compare to Windows Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has made a  quot;pre-emptive strike quot; against Linux, which is fast becoming a bigger thorn in the software giant #39;s side.
3	Java Mustang following Tiger Sun Microsystems Inc is courting community views for the next version of Java 2 Standard Edition, the foundation stone of Java scheduled for spring 2006.
1	NBA suspends Fizer for one game following guilty plea on gun &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks guard Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge. Fizer, who signed with the Bucks last Thursday, is currently on the injured list with a knee injury and out four to six weeks.
2	Casino Workers Expected to Ratify Atlantic City Settlement The waiters, bartenders, room cleaners and cooks who struck seven Atlantic City casinos for a month will all but certainly approve a settlement tonight that will give them much of what they 
1	Hurricanes and Hokies to battle for the ACC title Greg Olsen and Jon Beason weren #39;t in Blacksburg last year when Virginia Tech routed then-No. 2 Miami, but they both felt the disappointment of the bitter loss.
1	Chelsea Impressive in Opening Match (AP) AP - Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win on Didier Drogba's two goals, Arsenal needed an own-goal for victory and defending champion FC Porto was held to a 0-0 draw on the opening night of the Champions League season.
2	EUROPE MARKETS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- European stocks nudged higher Thursday, boosted by investors applauding cost cutting initiatives at Dutch bank ABN Amro and overnight gains from US shares.
1	Portis, Taylor fined \$5,000 for wearing red socks That was an expensive pair of red socks Clinton Portis wore last week. They #39;re costing him \$5,000. The NFL fined the Washington Redskins running back Friday for violating the league #39;s uniform rules.
3	Can #39;t say I didn #39;t tell you so Previously, I have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
0	Sharon hopes parliament vote will lend legitimacy After months of bullying and subterfuge to keep his contentious Gaza withdrawal plan alive, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is hoping for solid approval in Israel #39;s parliament to finally give it the legitimacy it needs.
1	Canada claim world ice hockey title TORONTO: Canada squeezed past Finland 3-2 in the final of the World Cup of Hockey, sending a hockey-mad nation into raptures and defending its crown as undisputed champion of the international game.
2	Starbucks envisions more stores Think there are too many Starbucks in the world? The coffee retailer apparently doesn #39;t think there are enough. Starbucks yesterday expanded its estimate of outlets that it eventually plans to open worldwide to 30,000, up from 25,000.
0	Israel Kills 7 Palestinians in North Gaza -- Medics  BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli troops shot  dead seven Palestinians in a strawberry field in north Gaza on  Tuesday after mortar fire from Palestinian militants there  wounded two Jewish settlers.
3	Google, Others Strive to Enrich Web with Books  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Google Inc. wants to save you a trip  to the library. The search engine that revolutionized how  people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world's  greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
0	God Has 4,000 Loudspeakers; the State Holds Its Ears The Egyptian minister of religion decided that one official call to prayer would be broadcast live and carried by all of Cairo's mosques. Many of the faithful objected.
0	Murder victim 'missed her stop' A 22-year-old French woman was killed while walking home after missing her bus stop, police believe.
1	UPDATE: HENMAN IS SENT TO SLEEP IN MADRID TIM HENMAN last night admitted all of his energy has been drained away as he bowed out of the Madrid Masters. The top seed, who had a blood test on Wednesday to get to the bottom of his fatigue, went down 
2	Oil prices fall as US supplies build Oil prices fell yesterday after government data showed US inventories of crude grew last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected supplies to shrink due to lingering output problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
3	New worm uses IM to lure victims A new version of the worm that spread from infected Microsoft Corp. Internet Information Services (IIS) Web servers in June has been identified and is using instant messages (IMs) and infected Web sites in Russia, Uruguay and the U.S. to spread itself, according to one security company.
3	Instant Messaging Goes Graphical For most of the millions of people around the world who regularly use instant messaging, the communications tool has largely been a text-only experience in which typed emoticons offer only minimal clues to someone #39;s state of mind.
3	Kerry Debate May Show Fickleness of Memory (AP) AP - Past presidential candidates and their critics have been known to shade the truth for political purposes. But to memory researchers, it doesn't take intentional falsifying to understand the discrepancies in the retelling of Sen. John Kerry's war experiences.
3	Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith For Handhelds Developed by Ubisoft #39;s Montreal studio, Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith on PSP, DS, and GBA will fully leverage the strengths of each handheld platform.
1	Anderson Hoping for Happier Times for Scotland Russell Anderson claims he relishes every opportunity to pull on a Scotland jersey - even though he does not have too many happy memories to call upon.
3	HP Dumps 64-bit Interests HP (Quote, Chart) is doing a lot of explaining after it revealed this weekend that it will no longer put Itanium processors in its high-performance workstations.
2	Citigroup Acquiring Texas Bank Citigroup Inc., which long has sought to expand its retail banking operations to Texas, said Tuesday that it is acquiring the First American Bank of Bryan, Texas.
1	A Ryder revamp for US The worst United States loss in Ryder Cup history led to a shake-up in the qualification process, a change geared toward making sure the Americans are on top of their game when the 2006 matches are played in Ireland.
1	Pacers sign Curry Curry, a 10-year veteran, should help the Pacers deal with a roster that has been depleted due to suspensions and injuries. Last season he averaged 2.9 points and 1.2 rebounds in 70 games for Toronto.
3	Intel dual-core chips are cool Doubled-up processors were the big news at this year?s Intel Developer Forum. They boost performance without frying your chips ? and are coming your way soon.
0	Arson eyed at Dutch mosque THE HAGUE -- A mosque in the Netherlands' southeast was destroyed by fire yesterday in what seemed to be the latest suspected attack against an Islamic site since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker critical of Islamic fundamentalism.
1	Henman to face Costa Top seed Tim Henman will face Spain #39;s Albert Costa in round two of the Madrid Masters Series tennis eventafter the home hope defeated Georgian Irakli Labadze 6-2, 5-7, 7-5.
1	Cavaliers lose Canty for the season Defensive end Chris Canty, who returned for a fifth year at Virginia only after careful deliberation, has been lost for the season with a knee injury.
0	Israelis, Palestinians at Odds Over U.S. Election  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - If Israeli settler Rachel Saperstein  could decide the outcome of the U.S. election, President Bush  would beat Democratic challenger John Kerry by a landslide.
2	Report: PC Sales Growing as Economy Rebounds (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - New statistics from IDC's Worldwide Quarterly PC Tracker show that commercial \demand for PCs is rising in tandem with the growing economy, with PC shipment \growth in the second quarter the highest since mid 1999.
0	Saudis Say Politics, Not Religion, Behind U.S. Move  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Prominent Saudis dismissed  U.S. accusations of severe violations of religious freedom in  the kingdom and said on Thursday that the criticisms were  politically motivated.
3	Nvidia to work on PlayStation 3 chip Graphics chip leader Nvidia announced Tuesday that it is working with Sony to develop the graphics processor for the next version of Sony #39;s PlayStation video game console.
1	13th-Ranked Michigan Edges Past No. 12 Purdue WEST LAFAYETTE, Indiana (Sports Network) - Garrett Rivas kicked a 35-yard field goal with 2:45 left in the fourth quarter to lead 13th-ranked Michigan to a 16-14 win over No.
3	China Mobile Suspends Sohu for Spamming Customers (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese Internet company Sohu.com\(SOHU.O) on Friday said China Mobile (CHL.N) had suspended Sohu\as a supplier of mobile phone picture services for one year for\unsolicited marketing to some customers.
1	Jones Leads Cowboys to Stunning Win Over Seahawks Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard touchdown run with 37 seconds left as the Dallas Cowboys scored two touchdowns in the last two minutes to stun the Seattle Seahawks 43-39 in the National Football League Monday.
1	No. 2 Oklahoma Expects Good Oregon Team (AP) AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
1	Pirates ready to deal Kendall to A #39;s Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates have reportedly ironed out a trade to send veteran catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
0	Proposed new UN rules could have allowed Iraq war: Britain (AFP) AFP - New rules being proposed for a reformed United Nations might have allowed the United States and Britain to carry out their invasion of Iraq with the approval of the world body, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said in a newspaper interview.
0	EUs Verheugen Calls for More Kurdish Rights in Turkey DIYARBAKIR, Turkey -- Visiting the southeast Turkish region of Diyarbakir on Tuesday (7 September), EU Enlargement Commissioner Guenter Verheugen urged the government to grant more social and cultural rights to Kurds.
1	Couples Makes Early Move, Fast Start for Els  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Former U.S. Masters  champion Fred Couples made the first significant move in the  WGC-American Express Championship second round Friday, surging  up the leaderboard with a five-under-par 67.
0	Stocks Fall on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - A disappointing earnings report from General Motors Corp. and another rise in crude oil prices sent stocks lower Thursday as investors grew even more nervous about the economy...
1	Lyon find their Sylvain lining REVITALISED former French international striker Sylvain Wiltord hit the winner in Lyon #39;s 2-1 Champions League victory at Sparta Prague in a virtuoso display contrasting sharply with his fruitless time at Arsenal.
1	Doping Weighs Heavily on Weightlifters  ATHENS (Reuters) - Staged in a grand theater in the land of  mythical strongmen Hercules and Atlas, the Athens Olympics were  supposed to herald a rebirth for the sport of weightlifting.
3	Intel Sheds Light on 2005 Desktop Strategy Road map promises 64-bit capabilities for desktop processors by first half of 2005.
2	Grokster case set for Supreme Court WASHINGTON - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a case focusing on whether peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software vendors should be penalized for unauthorized file trading when their software is used.
2	PeopleSoft Sees Revenue Above Views  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street  expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more  large software license transactions than in the previous  quarter.
3	AMD rolls out low-cost online-access device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
3	Sony PlayStation 3 to use Cell chip Sony announced that, in partnership with IBM and Toshiba, it is working on developing a Cell chip, which is designed to deliver high-definition content in an efficient manner.
1	Ryder-Irrepressible Monty again flourishes in Cup arena Britain #39;s Colin Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup matches against the United States. A talismanic figure 
3	Infocus: WEP:Dead Again, Part 1 This article is the first of a two-part series that looks at the new generation of WEP cracking tools for WiFi networks, which offer dramatically faster speeds for penetration testers over the previous generation of tools. In many cases, a WEP key can be determined in seconds or minutes.
0	Myanmar frees some political prisoners Myanmar #39;s military government has begun to release nearly 4,000 prisoners, including some political detainees, arrested  quot;inappropriately quot; by the dissolved National Intelligence Bureau led by purged prime minister Khin Nyunt.
0	AP: Israel Sends Experts to Help Russia JERUSALEM - Israel has sent intelligence officers to Russia and is hosting at least two senior Russian officers in Tel Aviv - quietly moving to upgrade anti-terror cooperation with Moscow in the wake of a series of devastating attacks in Russia, officials told The Associated Press.    The Israeli moves come as President Vladimir Putin revamps Russia's anti-terrorism capabilities after a school seizure by separatists in southern Russia ended with the deaths of at least 330 hostages, including many children...
2	Canadian Imperial 4th-Qtr Net Falls on Enron Charge (Update3) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, the country #39;s fourth-largest bank, said fourth-quarter profit fell 14 percent as the lender took a provision for legal costs related to Enron Corp.
2	US Air Asks Court to End Labor Contracts US Airways asked a bankruptcy court yesterday to throw out contracts covering passenger service agents, flight attendants, mechanics and other workers and replace them with less-expensive ones.
0	U.S. Accepts Musharraf Decision (AP) AP - The State Department said Thursday it expects continued progress in Pakistan toward democratic rule, showing no concern about moves to allow President Pervez Musharraf to remain on as army chief.
0	US Charge Of  #39;genocide #39; In Darfur Complicates Sudan Peace Talks ABUJA, Sept 13 (AFP) - Slow-moving African Union-brokered peace talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur region have been complicated by last week #39;s declaration by the United States that Khartoum and allied militia are committing genocide there.
1	Green will sit to observe his faith Striking a compromise between his commitments to job and religion, Shawn Green told the Dodgers that he will play Friday night in San Francisco, but sit out Saturday #39;s 
3	Survey: IT spending to grow modestly next year IT spending is forecast to grow in the high single-digits next year and remain on that pace through 2008, according to two reports released Monday by Forrester Research.
0	Korean troops arrive safely in north Iraq The Ministry of National Defense said yesterday 2,800 South Korean troops sent to aid the US-led occupation of Iraq have arrived safely in the Kurdish north of the country.
2	Frances' Insured Losses to Near \$4.4 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurance payments to victims of  Hurricane Frances are expected to reach \$4.4 billion, making it  the fourth most costly storm in U.S. history, an insurance  industry group said on Thursday.
0	Aid Group Threatens Afghanistan Pullout An aid group in Afghanistan said it was considering pulling out of part of the country after Taliban militants attacked its compound in a southern town yesterday, killing three people and engaging authorities in a gun battle.
2	AOL beefs up security MAMMOTH OUTFIT AOL has decided that passwords are not enough and is issuing an optional two tiered layer of security. According to Associated Press, the two-factor authentication scheme will cost \$1.
1	Manchester United Confirm Rooney Signing Manchester United is delighted to announce that it has finalised an agreement with Everton Football Club for the transfer of Wayne Rooney.
1	Schumacher Triumphs as Ferrari Clinches Title  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
1	Bengals' Johnson Mum Before Broncos Game (AP) AP - No teasing with antacids, no take-it-to-the-bank boasts. Leading up to the Bengals' first Monday night game in a dozen years, Chad Johnson  #151; the gifted receiver with an affinity for the spotlight  #151; decided to keep it strictly low-watt.
0	Musharraf: 100 Al-Qaida Members Killed in Clashes Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf says about 100 al-Qaida members have been killed in military operations near the Afghan border.
0	Ukrainian cops search homes of opposition activists in runup to election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Ukrainian police and state security agents searched the apartments of two opposition activists Friday, just over a week before the country's hotly contested presidential election, a news report and an opposition group said.
1	MSA welcome British GP deal. The Motor Sports Association, the governing body of motorsport in the UK, has welcomed yesterday #39;s announcement that a deal has been agreed to keep the British Grand Prix at Silverstone for the next five years.
1	Bonds hits No. 697, Giants rout Diamondbacks Barry Bonds is three home runs away from joining Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s 700 club. Bonds hit his 697th homer in the San Francisco Giants #39; 18-7 home victory over Arizona on Friday night, a two 
2	Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Friday\won the backing of another key public pension fund in its\ #36;8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.  as the\17-month takeover battle between the two California-based\business software makers neared a key deadline.
2	Liberty Media Profit Rises on QVC Liberty Media Corp. (LN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted an eight-fold gain in quarterly net profit following the purchase of a majority stake in shopping network QVC and a large gain on the sale of assets.
0	UK Reshapes Embassy Network to Face New Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is to reshape its overseas\diplomatic network, closing or turning over to local staff\several dozen posts, in a cost-cutting drive to pay for\embassies in Iraq and Afghanistan and to fight terrorism.
3	New ISS crew prepare for lift-off With just a week to go before their launch, the new crew of the International Space Station are preparing for blast-off, CCTV reported Friday.
2	Spitzer Strikes Again Eliot Spitzer received an anonymous letter last March that made for intriguing reading. The message suggested that the New York attorney general poke around Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US #39;s largest insurance broker 
2	Oil Breaks \$47 as Supply Worries Linger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a one month-high of \$47  a barrel on Tuesday as China showed no let-up in its strong  import growth and traders worried that U.S. petroleum  inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
1	O #39;s ink Palmeiro to one-year deal The Orioles made quick work of what was expected to be one of their most difficult offseason decisions, re-signing Rafael Palmeiro to a one-year deal Wednesday and practically 
2	Multiplex moves on Ronin By staff writers and wires. MULTIPLEX Group has offered \$1.33 billion to takeover Ronin Property Group in one of the latest moves of consolidation in the listed property trust sector.
0	ElBaradei Says Unclear if Iran Nuke Plans Peaceful  VIENNA (Reuters) - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear  ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm  evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as  Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Tuesday.
2	FedEx Boosts Profit Forecast, Stock Jumps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecasts, citing strong demand in several of its  businesses despite concerns about the slowing growth in the  U.S. economy.
1	With loss, these Birds on a wire They closed the locker room door quickly and didn't open it until Major League Baseball Director of Security Kevin Hallinan banged on the door, letting the St. Louis Cardinals know their 10-minute cooling off period had ended.
0	AP: Memo Warned About Medicare Cards WASHINGTON - A day before the first presidential debate, the government's health policy watchdog raised concerns that early mailings to seniors about the new Medicare prescription discount cards championed by President Bush were confusing or inadequate.   "We found that these beneficiaries received very little mail from drug card sponsors that would enable them to make an informed choice among cards," the Health and Human Services Department inspector general wrote in the Sept...
0	India, Pakistan Leaders Hail New Chapter in Ties (Reuters) Reuters - The leaders of India and Pakistan on\Friday hailed a new era in often-fraught relations between the\two nuclear rivals and agreed to study a joint pipeline project\and pursue solutions to the Kashmir conflict.
3	Microsoft to step up SP2 downloads Microsoft will accelerate SP2 distribution  to meet goal of 100 million downloads in two months.
1	Ruiz #39;s manager Stone suspended The New York State Athletic Commission wasted no time taking action against Norman Stone, the bombastic manager of World Boxing Association heavyweight 
3	Livewire: Beep! Beep! Ultra-Fast Broadband Is Here  LONDON (Reuters) - For Rainer Kinnunen, life has been a bit  of a blur since he signed up for a superhigh-speed Internet  service three years ago.
1	Caminiti, left to fight alone, needed allies He should have been in jail. Or maybe locked down in a hospital. Or maybe in a life-altering boot-camp drug treatment program. Some doctor, some jailer or some judge should have known to save Ken Caminiti from himself.
0	E. German Voters Turning to Fringe Groups (AP) AP - Parties on the fringes of Germany's political spectrum have been given an eager reception in the depressed east ahead of state elections this weekend, luring voters with a mix of xenophobic standards and new complaints over plans to reduce much-needed benefits.
0	Soldiers #39; families tell of worry The families of Black Watch soldiers based in Iraq said it would be a step too far to send British troops to support US efforts around Baghdad.
2	The Season's Seesaw of Sales Shoppers expecting big, across-the-board price cuts in the run-up to Christmas may be in for an unpleasant surprise.
2	Citigroup #39;s Yamada, Top Technical Analyst, Sees Dow Falling The Dow Jones Industrial Average failed three times this year to exceed its previous high and fell to about 10,000 each time, most recently a week ago.
0	Chirac inaugurates world #39;s tallest bridge in France MILLAU, France (AFP) - As air force jets screamed overhead, French President Jacques Chirac inaugurated the world #39;s tallest bridge, a stunning masterpiece of engineering that will carry drivers 270 metres (885 feet) above ground.
0	U.S. Soldiers and Iraqis Raid Mosque in Baghdad, Killing 3 The operation by U.S. and Iraqi troops may have been aimed at a cleric said to have incited insurgent violence.
3	EU Threatens to Go It Alone on Nuclear Fusion (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union warned on\Tuesday it may go ahead and build the world's first nuclear\fusion reactor with whatever partners it can find if there is\no global deal to put the project in France at talks in Vienna.
3	Pentagon Widens Access to Web Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - A Pentagon-run Web site intended to\make it easier for Americans overseas to vote by absentee\ballot has been modified to broaden access to the site, the\Defense Department said on Wednesday.
0	Strong quake rocks north-east Taiwan A strong earthquake in the Pacific Ocean off Taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north-east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials.
2	US Sees Japan Beef Trade Unlikely in 2004  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japan's lucrative market for U.S.  beef, ruptured by mad cow disease worries, is likely to remain  closed for the rest of this year, U.S. meat industry officials  said on Thursday.
1	NCAA heads back to OSU, Geiger eager to clear school West Lafayette, Ind.- Ohio State has invited the NCAA to campus Monday to investigate allegations of improper benefits from Maurice Clarett and other former players aired via ESPN, its magazine and Web site.
0	German Press Review: Assessing Germany #39;s UN Aspirations Responding to the G4 nations #39; bid for expanded membership and their inclusion in the UN Security Council, the Handelsblatt in Dsseldorf stressed that those who want to make progress must join forces.
0	Criminals preying on Japanese quake victims, police warn (AFP) AFP - Criminals are exploiting the chaos caused by Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade by stealing and defrauding vulnerable residents, particularly the elderly, police warned.
2	Fed Panel Lifts Rates and Says More Increases Are Probable As expected, the central bank raised the federal funds rate on overnight loans by a quarter point, to 2.25 percent.
0	French police arrest 17, find heavy weapons in anti-ETA swoop PARIS (AFP) - French police arrested 17 people and discovered a cache of heavy weapons during raids in southwestern France that targeted suspected members of Spain #39;s armed Basque separatist group ETA, officials said.
1	Lewis Waits For His Rival NEW YORK: Lennox Lewis was the main topic here when it was announced that Vitali Klitschko, the World Boxing Council No. 1 heavyweight contender, will fight Kirk Johnson over 12 rounds at Madison Square Garden on December 6.
3	Semiconductor Sales Booming in 2004 Worldwide semiconductor sales will reach US\$226 billion in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from Gartner.
2	Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The midnight expiration of Oracle Corp. #39;s tender offer to PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s shareholders for control of the company will either end the software rivals #39; bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.
1	Barcelona to take on Celtic Join Group F leaders Barcelona take on Celtic today, knowing that a draw and a point will be enough for them to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
3	Briefly: Google tests Froogle in U.K. roundup Plus: Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research...HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools.
2	11 charged over  #39;biggest-ever #39; MS piracy bust Eleven people from across the US were indicted on Wednesday over alleged software piracy offences following the largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software to date.
1	Earnhardt cusses up a controversy Two fresh tires helped Dale Earnhardt Jr. win the EA Sports 500 at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway yesterday, but a four-letter word he said in Victory Lane might cost him the points lead.
0	US: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
2	Price tag mounts for storm damage Even before Ivan #39;s impact on the Panhandle, estimates in Florida top \$30-billion as the result of Charley and Frances. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
2	J.P. Morgan Cancels IBM Outsourcing Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; said  on Wednesday it was canceling a \$5 billion outsourcing deal  with IBM Corp., &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and planned to rehire about 4,000  workers who had been transferred to IBM under the pact.
1	Gibbs Admires Well-Grounded Ravens Offense When Washington Redskins Coach Joe Gibbs and his staff watch the Baltimore Ravens run the football, they cannot help but recall their great Redskins teams of old.
3	Boeing readies RFID standards for release to suppliers in 2005 Boeing plans to release a set of technical specifications for RFID devices to its suppliers during the first half of 2005, but the aircraft maker won't mandate that companies start using the technology right away.
0	Tape: Hassan Urges British to Leave Iraq Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British director of CARE International, is seen in this image made from an undated video aired on Al-Jazeera television Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
1	CSU moves on with Hanie Caleb Hanie was supposed to serve an apprenticeship much the same way Justin Holland did the previous two seasons. Now that Holland is out of action with a broken fibula, the true freshman finds himself as the No.
3	Intel board backs Otellini as CEO Paul Otellini, currently president and COO, will replace outgoing chief Craig Barrett in May. \
2	Analysts say debt is Delta's top woe As Delta Air Lines Inc. struggles to turn itself around, much of the focus has been on its call for concessions from pilots. But some analysts say Delta's massive debt is a bigger challenge -- and one that's more difficult to resolve outside of bankruptcy.
0	Crude Oil Rises After Nigerian Unions Call Strike to Cut Supply Crude oil futures rose in New York after unions in Nigeria, the fifth-biggest supplier to the US, called a strike this month to disrupt the country #39;s oil exports.
3	Commercial space industry blasts off Now that rocketmen in the desert have soared into space and captured the St. Louis-based Ansari X Prize, commercial space travel seems as close as ever.
1	Colts Finish One Stride Ahead of the Vikings Two minutes 50 seconds on the clock. Tie game. The ball in Peyton Manning #39;s hands. Is there really any question? Manning led the Colts down the field, and Mike Vanderjagt 
1	Canada #39;s Klassen captures gold CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was a memorable weekend for Canada #39;s Cindy Klassen in Heerenveen, Netherlands. The 25-year-old speed skater captured a gold medal in the women #39;s 1,500 metres in World Cup long-track action on Sunday.
1	Maine shuts out Wildcats Junior Jimmy Howard and freshman Matt Lundin combined to make 24 saves yesterday as Maine blanked New Hampshire, 3-0, in a Hockey East game before a sellout crowd of 5,641 at Alfond Arena in Orono, Maine.
3	Bloom: Veritas On Track For  #36;2B Year (TechWeb) TechWeb - Third quarter revenue from the company's two-tier distribution was up 18 percent from a year ago, despite rumored challenges from EMC and its Legato software unit.
0	UK calls for Iraqis to help Dubai - Britain #39;s department of affairs on Sunday launched a televised appeal on an Arab satellite channel for Iraqis to help rescue British hostage Kenneth Bigley who faces a death threat along with two US kidnap victims.
1	Texas Still Upset by Arkansas Celebration (AP) AP - Texas still remembers Arkansas' players prancing all over the field, waving their state flag in the end zone and digging up pieces of the turf after the Razorbacks beat the Longhorns 38-28 last season.
3	Windows update harbors AMD conflict Microsoft says SP2 may not work on computers powered by chipmaker's 64-bit processors.
0	Gunmen kill pro-Taliban cleric in Pakistan A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim cleric together with an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan yesterday, the latest attack in religious violence that has already killed more than 70 people this month.
1	Kerr frustrated at victory margin Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr admitted he was frustrated his side did not score more than one goal in their friendly win over Croatia.
2	Boots sales get a drenching HIGH-STREET retailer Boots reported a cooling in sales growth yesterday after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
0	Dutch Muslim school attacked A suspected bomb has blown the front door off a Muslim elementary school in a southern Dutch town and shattered windows across the street, days after a suspected Muslim radical killed a Dutch filmmaker, police said.
0	Jailed uprising leader Barghouti will seek Palestinian presidency Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat 
1	Titans Lose To Jacksonville Wide receiver Derrick Mason of the Tennessee Titans says the team just is not playing well right now. Fred Taylor ran for a one-yard touchdown with nine seconds left for the victory.
0	Captives Escape After Hours of Pitched Battles More than 700 hostages were rushed to hospitals, but many bodies lay in the charred wreckage of the school's gymnasium.
3	Teenager indicted over Sasser computer worm Verden - German prosecutors on Wednesday indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralysed millions of computers around the world last year.
2	KPMG Units Agree to Pay to Settle Malpractice Suits The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International, a global accounting cooperative based in Switzerland, have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice growing 
3	Can Strep Bring On an Anxiety Disorder? Scientists know so little about a disorder that links a strep infection with obsessive-compulsive disorder in children that some question whether it even exists.
1	Crying Games again for Paula DEVASTATED Paula Radcliffe was led out of the ancient Panathinaiko Stadium with only tears for souvenirs as her Olympic dream lay in tatters on an Athens roadside.
3	Buzz Was Big, but Mount St. Helens Eruption Wasn't Mount St. Helens's small explosion, predicted for several days and posing no imminent danger to people in the region, was greeted with jaw-dropping delight by many.
3	Audio spam, new harassment to Internet users A scientific study shows that audio spam, or spit, will be a new headache for Internet users. The study is carried out by a Maryland-based technology company, China Radio International reported Monday.
1	Athens closes 2004 Olympic Summer Games with pride and relief ATHENS (CP) - With pride and relief, Athens bid farewell to its guests from 201 countries at the close of the 2004 Olympic Games on Sunday.
2	Tokyo Stocks Seen Steady After Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks are expected to move  little on Wednesday following lackluster trading in the United  States and as investors take a breather after the Tokyo  market's recent gains.
1	Yankees' Hernandez Stays Perfect Orlando Hernandez allowed one run and two walks in becoming the first Yankee starter to open the season 8-0 since Bob Wickman in 1993.
0	Abbas visits Damascus today to end tension, meets with Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Palestinian delegation headed by the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization PLO Mahmoud Abbas is to start a visit to Syria today.
2	F5 Networks bests consensus on strong revenue growth Seattle-based F5 Networks Inc. said net profit in its fiscal fourth quarter was \$15.8 million, or 43 per diluted share, compared with \$1.
3	Adobe Plans New Format for Digital Photos (AP) AP - Adobe Systems Inc. plans to introduce a new format for digital photos on Monday in an attempt to create an industry public standard to make the archiving and editing process compatible across all types of cameras and photo software.
2	Abercrombie   Fitch Posts Fall in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie    Fitch Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ANF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ANF.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in  quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it  remained cautious for the rest of the year.
1	In-form French will stay unchanged France have kept the side which beat Australia last weekend for their game against Argentina next Saturday.  quot;We decided not to change an iota from a team which gave us complete 
1	Ambrose seals V8 title FORD driver Marcos Ambrose today sealed back-to-back V8 Supercar championships with victory in the 100km opening race at the series Grand Finale.
2	Economy on Track as Retail Sales Jump A surprisingly big climb in US retail sales in September and a larger-than-expected gain in underlying producer prices bolstered hopes for an economic revival and views 
2	DreamWorks Animation debuts today Riding the tail of a shark, DreamWorks Animation Inc. arrives on Wall Street today in the most high-profile entertainment company initial public offering in years.
0	Abbas Escapes Gaza Shooting Unharmed Bodyguards take away Mahmoud Abbas, former Palestinian Prime Minister and the successor of Yasser Arafat as PLO chief, after gunfire erupted at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Arafat in Gaza city Sunday Nov. 14, 2004.
2	Bayer taps Schering-Plough to distribute pharmaceuticals in US The Schering-Plough Corp. will market and distribute Bayer AG #39;s primary care pharmaceutical products in the United States under an agreement announced Monday that could impact up to 1,800 jobs.
0	N.Korea not ready to resume nuclear talks: Russia (AFP) AFP - Russia said that it did not expect North Korea to agree to resume faltering six-way talks about its nuclear weapons program as scheduled this month.
3	NEC, Toshiba Claim Memory Breakthrough Companies are developing MRAM, which could be used in portable electronic devices.
2	Samsung ads shifted from Interpublic NEW YORK For the second time in six months, a large worldwide advertiser is shifting its account to agencies owned by WPP Group from agencies owned by Interpublic Group.
0	U.S. Takes Action Against 2 Foreign Banks (AP) AP - The Treasury Department took action Tuesday against two foreign banks it suspects of money laundering, including one it accused of helping Saddam Hussein use funds from the United Nations' oil-for-food program.
0	Aborigines Burn Police Station on Island An angry mob of Australian Aborigines burned a police station and court house Friday on a remote island that has been rocked by unrest since an indigenous man died in police custody, police said.
1	Ground share meeting on Merseyside LONDON, England -- One of the fiercest rivalries in world football could be set to one side under possible plans for Premier League Liverpool and Everton to share a ground.
0	US assault on Falluja meets with resistance FALLUJA, Iraq Thousands of US marines and soldiers swarmed over a railroad embankment on the northern edge of Falluja, setting off a wild firefight and making significant advances into the city.
3	E-Voting Machine Crash Deepens Concerns (AP) AP - A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
3	Battle brewing on the digital music front Apple Computer Inc. #39;s reign as king of the digital music business is about to meet its most serious challenge as software heavyweight Microsoft Corp.
1	Wizards Court Singles The Wizards will host a series of dating games this season in a marketing effort to lure people to watch some basketball.
2	Calpers Ouster Puts Focus on How Funds Wield Power The ouster of the president of California #39;s public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors will be able to keep wielding influence in corporate governance campaigns.
3	CITES tightens ramin controls, may save orang-utan A United Nations conference adopted a proposal on Friday to tighten controls on the trade of a commercially valuable hardwood known as ramin, which could help save the endangered orang-utan ape.
2	Airlines  #39;end 2004 \$5bn in red #39; The world #39;s airline industry is set to rack up losses of almost \$5bn (2.6bn, 3.6bn euros) this year, global airline body AITA has forecast.
2	Europeans Streamline. Will the Market Notice? Corporate executives in Europe have taken steps to streamline operations to attract investors put off by delayed overhauls in economic policy that governments have yet to enact.
3	Shortages May Force Space Station Evacuation The station #39;s primary oxygen generator has barely worked this month despite repair efforts by the two astronauts on board. The men have had to tap into backup oxygen supplies.
3	Big leagues THE nation is deeply divided. The voters are intolerant of opposing views. Yet there has been much joy in Houston, a city whose baseball team finally advanced in the playoffs and came within one game of being in the World Series.
2	Supreme Court should end legacy of Prohibition With the holiday season underway, many will be stocking up on their favorite libations. But if it #39;s fine wine you fancy, choices may be more limited than you realize.
2	Patience Helps Build Trust in Land Deals Developers find themselves pushing harder, agreeing to bend more and working patiently through the unique concerns of landowners.
1	Phelps won #39;t top Spitz, but he is putting on the hits ATHENS, Greece If Mark Spitz had never lived, Michael Phelps would have done well to create him as a fictional character. 
2	Rajasthan black gold makes Cairns glitter LONDON: British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy is on the verge of entering the elite group of blue-chip companies (FTSE-100). It #39;s saluting its Rajasthan reserves of oil for rising fortunes.
2	Shell unveils \$15bn recovery plan The Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell today sought to draw a line under its reserves scandal by announcing plans to spend \$15bn (8.4bn) a year to replenish reserves and develop production in its oil and gas business.
1	Cavaliers' LeBron James Becomes a Father LeBron James had a good reason for missing practice Wednesday. He became a father.
0	Jamaicans told to pray as storm looms ST. GEORGE #39;S, GRENADA - Jamaica #39;s Prime Minister urged his country to pray Thursday as the Category 5 hurricane Ivan headed toward the island nation after killing 20 people elsewhere in the Caribbean.
3	Worlds First 5-Megapixel Camera Phone A true digital convergence product that combines a gamut of innovative technologies including a true color LCD (16 million colors), Text-To-Speech conversion capability, as well as, a 5-megapixel CCD camera.
2	Cuba buying more US farm products HAVANA Despite tighter American restrictions on Cuba, Havana has signed more deals to buy US cattle and wheat. It happened at a major international trade fair in Havana, where American businesses played a major role.
2	Fed Pushes Up Interest Rates Again The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Tuesday, marking the third increase this year.
1	Boro snatch a point Middlesbrough came from nowhere to deprive Harry Redknapp of victory in his first match in charge of Southampton with two goals in the dying minutes to snatch a 2-2 draw.
2	Flaherty blasts BRA over Fan Pier Boston City Council President Michael F. Flaherty yesterday lambasted the Menino administration's suggestion of a compromise on public amenities on Fan Pier in an effort to speed up development of the languishing land.
2	New mortgages hit four-year low September saw the lowest number of new mortgage approvals in the UK since August 2000, official figures show.
3	Microsoft focuses on apps modeling Microsoft on Tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its Visual Studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry-specific modeling tools.
3	Bush Requests NASA Storm Aid The president asks Congress for \$126 million to help NASA recover from hurricane damage. The money could help the agency get its space shuttle overhaul back on track. By Amit Asaravala.
0	Japan Vows to Stay in Iraq After Hostage Beheaded A Japanese hostage has been beheaded in Iraq, Japanese officials said on Sunday, but Tokyo vowed it would keep its troops in the country on their reconstruction mission.
2	Producer Prices Up 0.1 Pct, Energy Drops  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. producer prices edged up just  0.1 percent in September, held back by a big energy-price drop,  but the cost of non-energy items picked up steam, a government  report showed on Friday.
3	Prince of Persia: Golden Within November 19, 2004 - Ubisoft announced today that the Xbox and PlayStation 2 versions of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within have gone gold.
1	Martinez Visits 'The Enemy' Pedro Martinez visits the enemy Tuesday, meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner at New York's spring training complex in Tampa, Fla.
2	SEC Looking Into Broker Trade Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is investigating about a dozen brokerage firms that  may have failed to obtain the best price for stocks traded for  customers, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
2	Shares in Lastminute.com Sink 13 Percent Shares in European online travel retailer lastminute.com PLC sank by 13 percent Thursday after the company reported losses well below its own predictions and market expectations.
1	Champions: Liverpool defeats Monaco 2-0 Liverpool defeated last year #39;s finalist Monaco 2-0 Wednesday, with goals from Djibril Cisse and Milan Baros giving new Reds #39; coach Rafa Benitez a perfect start in his Champions League campaign.
1	Wizards Get a Break With several players suffering from minor injuries, Wizards coach Eddie Jordan decides to give the team a day off on Friday.
3	California Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES (AP) -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.    Since January, at least 580,000 people who had personal information about them stored in university computers received warnings they might be at risk...
2	Aon CEO Ryan retiring CHICAGO Insurance giant Aon Corporation is looking for a new chief executive officer to succeed Patrick Ryan, who is retiring. The 67-year-old Ryan intends to stay on as CEO until his successor is named and 
2	US Airways Appeals Directly to Pilots (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. \issued a general appeal on Tuesday to the carrier's 3,000\pilots after their union's leaders rejected proposed\concessions the company says are crucial to avert insolvency.
3	Try scratching this DVD Researchers at electronics giant TDK have developed a tough new coating that promises to make scratched DVDs a thing of the past and that will help usher in an emerging data storage format with 10 times the capacity of the current DVD standard.
3	ID cards to double U.K. passport fees Costs tied to the country's controversial biometric ID card plan will cause the price of new passports to soar.
1	Kumble Wickets Give India Advantage Against Australia in Test Spin bowler Anil Kumble took three wickets as India reduced Australia to 150-4 in its second innings at stumps on the third day of the second cricket Test, a lead of only nine runs.
0	PLEASE DON #39;T BRING THE TROOPS TO BAGHDAD ..PLEASE RELEASE THE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOSTAGE Margaret Hassan was last night shown on a new video pleading for British troops not to be sent to Baghdad. As the Black Watch headed towards the  quot;triangle of death quot; outside the Iraqi 
3	Mad Catz to release first game Accessory manufacturer Mad Catz Interactive has decided to create a dance game to go along with their dance pads. MC Groovz Dance Craze will be the first dance game Nintendo GameCube and should hit stores in time for the holiday season.
0	Saudi Police, Militants Clash in Capital Riyadh  RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi security forces, battling a wave  of al Qaeda attacks in the world's biggest oil exporter,  clashed with suspected militants in the capital Riyadh on  Sunday.
0	Cleric Faces Terrorist Charges in Britain (AP) AP - A radical Islamic cleric will face terrorist charges in Britain, a police source said Tuesday, pre-empting a U.S. extradition bid.
2	Microsoft 'warns of Linux claims' Microsoft tells Asian leaders that they could face intellectual property rights claims if they use free Linux software, a report says.
3	Speakers debate RFID benefits, challenges BALTIMORE - While speakers at the EPCglobal Inc. U.S. conference Wednesday talked up the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID), analysts watching RFID adoptions said many U.S. companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt the technology.
2	Dollar Fights to Keep Off August Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled to pull away from  August lows on Wednesday as investors wondered whether the  Federal Reserve would raise interest rates next month after  another round of weak U.S. data in the previous session.
1	Way out of the Woods Not only has he gone a second consecutive year without winning a Major, but he has yet to win a stroke-play event. There #39;s more.
2	Are weak employment figures here to stay? There was a time when adding slightly fewer than 150,000 jobs a month in the United States, three years into an economic recovery, would have been considered a disaster.
3	Perseid Meteor Shower Peaks Overnight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fine display of shooting stars is underway and peaks overnight Wednesday into early Thursday morning. Astronomers expect the 2004 Perseid meteor shower to be one of the best versions of the annual event in several years.
3	Ask Jeeves to Launch Desktop Search On the heels of a series of desktop search releases, Ask Jeeves Inc. is set to launch an application to scour users #39; hard drives for e-mails and files.
0	New blow for Zimbabwe's Moyo Zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an MP.
2	Oil Rises on Winter Weather Worries  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose sharply on Friday as  worries a cold spell in the United States could erode already  depleted winter fuel inventories spurred the market higher.
2	ING withdrawing from Janus Financial services firm ING has been identified as the company that plans to yank \$5 billion from the hands of Janus Capital Group. 
0	NZ removes birth residency right New Zealand is to amend its laws so that babies born there to non-resident parents do not automatically receive citizenship. Internal Affairs Minister George Hawkins says of the 57,000 babies born each year 
1	Singh breaks Woods #39; money record Having overtaken Tiger Woods as the world #39;s premier golfer, Vijay Singh on Sunday pushed Woods further into his wake by claiming the PGA Tour #39;s single-season money record.
3	Samsung to Launch Phone with Mini Hard Drive Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., the world #39;s third-largest handset maker, said on Tuesday it was launching the first mobile phone with a stamp-sized hard disc drive this month that would expand the memory capacity by 15 times.
2	European Shares Drift Down in Thin Trade  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks were slightly lower by  mid-day in holiday-hit trading on Monday, with crude oil rises  weighing on shares, though Sanofi-Aventis gained on the result  of trials of an anti-obesity drug.
2	Will Hurricane Frances Clip Retailers? Chico's may be a hot retailer, but its Labor Day weekend looks threatened.
1	Vaughan admits Zimbabwe tour doubts England #39;s cricketers flew out for their tour of Zimbabwe today, with captain Michael Vaughan making it quite clear he was opposed to the trip.
3	Press Trust of India Researchers have for the first time established the existence of odd-parity superconductors, materials that can carry electric current without any resistance.
0	Mugabe moves against party rivals Deep splits emerge in Zimbabwe's ruling party amidst jockeying for position to succeed President Mugabe.
2	Gold Fields Board Wants Rejection of Bid The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Thursday to reject a US\$8.1 billion (euro6.36 billion) hostile takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co.
2	US Airways, pilots say they #39;re close to a deal on cutting wages US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union said they may agree by today on a plan to cut \$295 million in wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
2	Finance Leaders Urge Vigilance on Terror (Reuters) Reuters - Finance officials from all over the\globe gathered under heavy guard on Sunday to push for a\stepped-up fight against terror financing while warning the\poor must not be forgotten.
1	Nestor and Knowles win the big one: a doubles title at US Open (CP) - Daniel Nestor and Mark Knowles shook off their past record in Grand Slam finals Friday, winning the men #39;s doubles title at the US Open in style.
0	Kidnapped Briton named The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British engineer who was kidnapped by gunmen from his house in Baghdad this week, has issued a desperate plea for his safe return.
3	Microsoft Sends XP SP2 Home Microsoft this week began distributing its latest update to the Windows XP operating system to home users through its Automatic Updates feature.
1	Jags in First Place in AFC South (AP) AP - Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
0	Israel to Begin Gaza Compensation Payments (AP) AP - Israel will soon offer large cash advances on compensation to Jewish settlers to entice them to leave their homes, Cabinet ministers said Monday, a day after tens of thousands demonstrated against the planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in 2005.
1	Bryant Ends Drought, Wins Texas Open Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by three strokes against Patrick Sheehan.
2	3M Posts Higher Profit, Misses Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  third-quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in  below Wall Street's estimates for the first time in at least  seven quarters.
0	Thai PM: Mistakes made over riots PATTANI, Thailand -- Thailand #39;s prime minister has said security forces made mistakes handling a group of Muslim rioters and has expressed regret that nearly 80 people died of suffocation while in custody.
0	Thousands missing from Thai town In one tsunami-hit Thai town, more than half of the 5,000-strong population are missing, police say.
0	Group claims killing of two Italian hostages in Iraq but Italy &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DUBAI : A group calling itself the  quot;Jihad Organization quot; said it had killed two Italian hostages in Iraq, in a statement posted on an Islamist website, but Italy urged caution over the reported murders.
2	Tech Spending Looks Up in Asia, E.Europe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Spending in Eastern Europe and Asia  is expected to lead a recovery in the global technology market  over the next three years, according to an industry report  released Tuesday.
3	The secret to the rise of Man? Man became the world #39;s alpha species thanks to his outsized brain, according to the view that has dominated anthropology for decades.
2	EU accuses Microsoft of paternalistic view : Microsoft Corp. today said that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from Windows, while the European Union accused 
2	Insurance giant Aetna to buy Columbia company for \$250 million (Hartford, Connecticut-Dow Jones/AP) Aug. 20, 2004 - Health-insurance giant Aetna says it #39;s agreed to buy Strategic Resource Company of Columbia for \$250 million. 
2	PBS Selects Crystal City Location for Headquarters The Public Broadcasting Service said yesterday that it signed a deal to move its headquarters from Alexandria to Crystal City, where Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty has renovated offices and retail space to make the area more pedestrian-friendly and attract non-government tenants.
2	 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Forest Laboratories (nyse: FRX - news - people ) said strong sales volume will propel fiscal second-quarter earnings higher than previously expected.
0	10 killed in Philippine train wreck MANILA At least 10 people were killed and almost 100 were injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday, officials and radio reports said.
0	A Look at Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners. Those reported held are:
1	Shanahan summit looks to improve game CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Behind closed doors, some of hockey #39;s most influential people met to discuss the game. It wasn #39;ta meeting to end the lockout, but how to improve NHL hockey once it gets up and running again.
2	UPDATE 3-Continental Air to cut 425 jobs, warns on wages Continental Airlines Inc. (CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve, the No.
2	Martha wants her bills paid WASHINGTON -- Martha Stewart is asking the company she founded to reimburse about \$3.7 million US of the legal fees she incurred while on trial earlier this year for obstruction of justice and other charges, according to a regulatory filing.
3	Phone Firms Rush to Get TV on Mobile Phones  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Europeans came a step closer to  having television on their mobile phones on Friday when two  groups of companies announced plans to push forward with  consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
1	Henman Falls to Unseeded Novak in Basel  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number four Tim Henman  was knocked out in the quarterfinals of the 989,750-euro Swiss  Indoors tournament Friday, falling 7-6 (7-5), 7-5 to unseeded  Czech Jiri Novak.
3	Space station crew to search for AIDS vaccine The next crew of the International Space Station (ISS) is to contribute to the Russian search for a vaccine against AIDS, Russian cosmonaut Salijan Sharipov said on Friday.
3	Conway: 'Genghis Khan' comparison was fair Larry Ellison even compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
2	Milwaukee Electric Tool, other units to be sold for \$626.6M Atlas Copco Group has agreed to sell its electric tools business, including Brookfield-based Milwaukee Electric Tool Corp., to Techtronic Industries Co.
3	Google sued by Perfect 10 Google has been sued by adult site Perfect 10 for alleged copyright infringement. Perfect 10 #39;s suit says that Google #39;s Web search engine allows people to see copyrighted images owned by the company (access 
0	VHP protests arrest of Kanchi seer in murder probe (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of members of the hardline Vishwa Hindu Parishad marched through Hyderabad on Saturday to protest at the arrest of one of the country's most senior Hindu priests over the murder of a temple official.
2	Consumer Spending Stronger Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rose a  sharper-than-expected 0.7 percent in October, showing the  economy off to a solid fourth-quarter start despite a step-up  in inflation, a government report showed on Wednesday.
0	Colombian Far-Right Leader Gunned Down-Police A far-right Colombian warlord participating in peace talks with the government was shot dead by his own men, police said on Monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations.
1	Pirates Finish Santiago Trade With Royals (AP) AP - Benito Santiago was traded Thursday by the Kansas City Royals to the Pittsburgh Pirates, who have sought a veteran catcher since dealing Jason Kendall to Oakland last month.
1	Staley questionable vs. Philadelphia It appears Duce Staley won #39;t get a chance to run against his old teammates after all. Staley, the third-leading rusher in the AFC with 707 yards, has a hamstring injury 
3	The boob tube on your smartphone Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to tune in on your cell phone anytime soon. In an attempt to make cell phones smarter and more expensive, the top five mobile 
0	US neglect led to killing, says Allawi : Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today said major neglect by US-led forces led to the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this weekend.
0	Ivanov: Russia to Revamp Security, Seek Cooperation Russia will revamp its security forces and seek international cooperation to hunt militants in the wake of a school siege which killed more than 300 people nine days ago, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Sunday.
3	Yahoo Extends Microsoft Ad Deal Yahoo Inc. has agreed to extend its deal to place advertisements on Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN sites in the United States and overseas by one year through June 2006, Yahoo said on Thursday.
3	'Sims 2' makes emotional debut New version of hit game gives characters a purpose in life and a chance to pass on their DNA.
3	SEC Probes WorldCom Creditor Actions &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Dane Hamilton and Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federal regulators have\launched an investigation into creditor actions in the WorldCom\bankruptcy, demanding thousands of documents from bondholders\related to the largest U.S. bankruptcy, according to court\documents.&lt;/p&gt;
0	Pakistan Parliament Elects Prime Minister (AP) AP - Pakistan's parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister on Friday after the opposition boycotted the vote, saying it was undemocratic.
3	459 sued for file-sharing in Europe, 28 in the UK The European music industry today announced a major crackdown against file-sharing, the practice of sharing copyrighted songs over the internet using networks like Kazaa, with the filing of 459 suits against file-swappers, 28 of whom are British.
2	General Motors to cut 9,500 jobs at German unit LONDON, December 9 (newratings.com) - General Motors Corp (XGM.NYS) plans to cut 9,500 jobs at its German unit, Adam Opel AG, as part of its efforts to reduce its significant losses in Europe.
3	Vodafone, Nokia Team Up for Simpler Mobile Software  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone giants Vodafone and  Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify software for cell  phones written with the Java computer language that promises to  bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
3	Dolphins Protect New Zealand Swimmers from Shark (Reuters) Reuters - A pod of dolphins circled\protectively round a group of New Zealand swimmers to fend off\an attack by a great white shark, media reported on Tuesday.
0	Mass Graves Found In Iraq The remains are being unearthed as part of an investigation looking for evidence to use against Saddam Hussein in his future trial.
1	No. 13 Tenn. Stuns No. 11 Florida 30-28 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. Sept. 19, 2004 - James Wilhoit missed the easy one to tie, then made the tough one to win it. Wilhoit kicked a 50-yard field goal with 6 seconds left after missing an extra point that would have tied the game to give No.
3	IBM adds iSCSI to SANs IBM moved back into the iSCSI (Internet SCSI) market Friday with a new array priced at US\$3,000 and aimed at the small and midsize business market.
2	Greenspan Says Effects of Japan Currency Sales Hard to Gauge The effect of Japan #39;s currency sales this year and last on the value of the yen are difficult to judge, #39; #39; Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said.
3	Mars Odyssey to voyage into future NASA #39;s Mars Odyssey mission, originally scheduled to end on Tuesday, has been granted a stay of execution until at least September 2006, reveal NASA scientists.
1	49ers' First-Round Picks All Struggling (AP) AP - The San Francisco 49ers insist their salvation will arrive through the draft. They hope years of bad contracts, unlucky injuries and salary-cap woes can be erased through solid choices in April.
1	Monday Morning The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
3	VITAL SIGNS Update: The Evidence on Revenge Mounts he evidence is increasing that revenge in fact brings pleasure. In the latest study, players who were unfairly treated in a game involving money, trust and cooperation got a measurable kick out of punishing their partners.
3	News: Microsoft warns of poisoned picture peril A vulnerability in Windows XP and other products means JPEG viruses may not remain just a hoary myth.\
3	Sun Plans to Call on Lenovo After IBM Deal-CEO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Scott McNealy is looking forward  to making an early sales call on Lenovo's new CEO as soon as  the company's \$1.25 billion deal to buy IBM's PC business  closes, the Sun Microsystems CEO said on Wednesday.
0	U.N.: Rwanda Warns of Attacking Rebels (AP) AP - Rwanda has warned it will launch an attack "very soon" on Rwandan Hutu rebels sheltering in eastern Congo, the U.N. mission said Wednesday, relaying a threat that raised fears of renewal of one of Africa's most devastating conflicts.
3	Cingular Completes Acquisition of AT T Wireless Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
3	For a Fee, a Stream of Tunes, Talk and Video High-speed connections and software improvements are giving rise to subscription services for music, movies, sports events and talk radio to PC's.
1	Suzuki close to breaking one of baseball #39;s oldest records A few years ago, Ichiro Suzuki spent three days on his own wandering around the Hall of Fame, hoping to learn about the history of baseball in America.
1	Rick Hendrick grieves, and a racing community joins him Richard Childress can empathize with at least some of the despair that fellow NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick is going through. Nearly four years ago, Dale Earnhardt was killed while driving for Childress in the Daytona 500.
0	Ransom Payments Seen Fueling Iraq's Hostage Crisis  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The release of two Italian aid workers  in Iraq has raised hopes other hostages may soon be freed, but  reports that a large ransom was paid may only feed the  burgeoning hostage crisis.
1	Pacers Activate Miller From Injured List (AP) AP - Guard Reggie Miller was activated from the Indiana Pacers' injured list Friday, and the franchise's career scoring leader will make his season debut this weekend after serving a one-game suspension.
3	Microsoft Prices Per Processor, Not Per Core com. Microsoft on Tuesday said it wouldn #39;t charge more for server software when it #39;s installed on the dual-core CPUs that Intel and AMD plan to roll out next year.
3	Consumption Of Resources Focus of Report An environmental group says earth #39;s people are using up the planet faster than it can restore itself and the west is the chief culprit.
0	Poor nations pledge to reform UN DURBAN, South Africa (Reuters) - Developing countries have pledged to band together to force the West to help tackle their problems, ranging from poverty to reform of the United Nations. 
1	Stat attack: Kumble better than Kapil The assassin has done it again, equaled the great all-rounder Kapil #39;s record of 434 wickets. It doesn #39;t get better than that!
3	Lessons from a quake that came 16 years late Most earthquakes make history for the damage they inflict. But last week #39;s quake at Parkfield, Calif., is likely to be remembered for insights that could improve earthquake-hazard assessments, quake-resistant 
1	Defending Nobody The Wizards can point to their defense as the main reason why they have lost four of their last five games.
0	Confusion Marks Reports on Arafat   PARIS, Nov. 4 -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill at a military hospital near here late Thursday night after slipping into unconsciousness on a day dominated by rumors, confusion and false reports that he had died.
2	Accounting Board Finds Violations Initial reviews of the nation #39;s largest accounting firms have turned up numerous rule violations and shoddy recordkeeping practices, as regulators embarked on a new effort to regularly examine auditors #39; work.
3	Photos: Barcelona's big blade A Spanish supercomputer built by IBM has captured the world speed record for a machine using standard blade servers.
1	UAE, India hit Olympic firsts ATHENS  The United Arab Emirates and India scored Olympic firsts on day four of the Athens Games on Tuesday and there was good news also for host Greece, which landed its second gold of the competition. 
0	Asean abandons move to censure Burma over human rights abuses South-east Asian govern-ments yesterday abandoned attempts to censure Burma publicly for its human rights abuses, with officials admitting in private that they 
0	UK considering Iran nuclear agreement The British government is considering a provisional agreement over Iran #39;s nuclear activities, a Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.
0	Fumes 'not winter asthma trigger' Air pollution has been wrongly blamed for worsening winter cases of asthma, say US researchers.
3	Borland updates its life-cycle tools New versions of CaliberRM and StarTeam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
3	Europe's Eel Population Collapsing (AP) AP - When a poacher with a baseball bat mugged Willem Dekker for his baby eels, it was further confirmation for the Dutch biologist that the species is in trouble.
3	Search Engine News This Week - Clusty, Yahoo, and MSN Search Engine News Weekly Report - Clusty, Yahoo, and MSN\\The end of September and beginning of October has seen some changes in search engine news and the addition of a new search engine into the second tier search mix - Clusty. Additionally, MSN is planning on including search in their ...
3	Microsoft snubbed on Sender ID SOFTWARE KING Microsoft #39;s anti-open source obsession seems to have killed chances of its anti-Spam Sender ID getting accepted by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) as a standard.
2	Dollar Weakens, Seen Falling Further  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sank on Friday as  persistent concerns over the U.S. economy and comments  throughout the week from European Central Bank and Federal  Reserve officials afforded the currency no respite.
1	Inter cruises to easy win over Andrelecht in Champions League Brazil #39;s Adriano scored a goal and set up another, leading Inter Milan to an easy 3-1 win over Anderlecht in Champions League Group G on Wednesday (early Thursday, Malaysian time).
3	Intel Intros New Flash Software (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With an eye on gaining a stronger foothold in the wireless market, Intel\has launched new flash memory software, along with a developer toolset,\to speed the design and deployment of applications for next-generation\multimedia phones.
1	Wrong or wronged? KOLKATA: The two-Test ban slapped on Sourav Ganguly by ICC Match Referee Clive Lloyd for his slow over-rate has evoked wide-ranging response from former players in the country.
2	Car thieves #39; top targets identified NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Cadillac #39;s Escalade EXT and the Nissan Maxima are the most attractive targets for car thieves, according to a published report.
3	SCO Web site hack mocks company's legal claims Malicious hackers have compromised The SCO Group's Web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company's claims to own parts of the Linux operating system.
1	Frank-ly speaking: Nets sign head coach to extension East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets have signed head coach Lawrence Frank to a multi-year contract extension.
3	Wal-Mart Launches Windows Media Song Downloads Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched an online music store that works with Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows Media Player, the world #39;s largest retailer said on Thursday.
3	Tourists Await Mount St. Helens Eruption (AP) AP - Thousands of tourists spent hours gazing at Mount St. Helens, packing buildings, crowding parking lots and watching from roadsides to see what the rumbling mountain would do next.
0	Slain Hamas member buried in Syria Thousands of Palestinians, many shouting calls for revenge, today buried a member of the militant group Hamas who was killed in a car bomb assassination in which Israeli security officials acknowledged they had a hand.
1	Red Sox Cruise Into 2-0 Lead Over Angels (Reuters) Reuters - Pedro Martinez pitched seven\innings and Manny Ramirez drove in the go-ahead run with a\sacrifice fly to power the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 win over\the Anaheim Angels in the American League Divisional Series\(ALDS) Wednesday.
0	Red Sox, Astros Hunt for Their First Wins After Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez failed to get the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series, Bronson Arroyo will take the hill for Game 3 at Fenway Park on Saturday.    In Houston, the winless Astros face a similar challenge as they return home and put their hopes in Roger Clemens for NLCS Game 3 against the St...
3	IBM #39;s New Storage Play IBM plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast-growing segment of the data storage industry that #39;s currently dominated by Hewlett-Packard.
0	Torrential British Rain Set to Cause More Chaos  LONDON (Reuters) - After torrential rain caused flash  flooding in southern England and a landslide in Scotland this  week, meteorologists on Thursday forecast more heavy downpours  and urged people to heed bad weather warnings.
2	Williams-Sonoma 2nd-Qtr Net Rises 55; Shares Soar (Update5) Williams-Sonoma Inc. said second- quarter profit rose 55 percent, boosted by the addition of Pottery Barn stores and sale of outdoor furniture.
3	Craft sets speed record A sleek NASA X-43A aircraft set a world speed record Tuesday, flying at more than 6,600 mph in a test flight that eventually could revolutionize air travel and space exploration.
1	NL Wrap: Rallying Reds Make Braves Wait for East Title Javier Valentin smacked a three-run homer in a five-run ninth inning off John Smoltz to carry the rallying Cincinnati Reds to an 11-8 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the National League Wednesday.
0	Palestinian woman shot dead in West Bank city Israeli troops patrolling the West Bank city of Nablus shot and killed a 19-year-old Palestinian woman Friday, witnesses and hospital officials said.
3	Homeland Security Still Falling Short With IT Work GAO said the department has to work on seven key practices. It #39;s progress so far is a  quot;work in progress, quot; GAO says. By Eric Chabrow.
2	Group protests naming center for Moreno A new Catholic migrant outreach center named for former Diocese of Tucson Bishop Manuel D. Moreno is drawing protests from a support group for victims of clergy abuse.
3	Let the Handheld Games Begin It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
0	Chinese Government Distances Itself from Qians Anti-Bush &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s government is playing down an editorial in an official newspaper that slammed President Bush #39;s foreign policy on the eve of US elections.
3	Nokia Takes a Smart Shot It #39;s good to be good these days. Good Technology, that is. The private maker of a wireless email service that claims to be more agnostic than the popular BlackBerry service from 
0	Zim parly upholds jail sentence Harare - The Zimbabwean parliament on Thursday voted to uphold a prison sentence on leading opposition white lawmaker Roy Bennett for shoving Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa to the ground during a heated debate in May.
1	PREVIEW-Open-Roddick and Williams to star on Sunday The first week of the US Open concludes on Sunday with Andy Roddick and Serena Williams the star attractions at Flushing Meadows. While many New Yorkers head out 
0	Buttiglione regrets slur on gays The controversial incoming EU Justice Commissioner apologises for comments he made about gays and women.
2	Executive Life case lawyer questions Pinault PARIS : French business tycoon Francois Pinault, targeted in complex civil action over the collapse of California insurance company Executive Life, was questioned here by a US lawyer under the supervision of a French judge.
0	Powerful Earthquake Hits Northern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 struck Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early Monday, swaying buildings, throwing objects off shelves and triggering a tiny tsunami wave that reached the shore.
1	Creamer already appears to be rising to top She couldn't accept the \$6,000 first-place prize, but no big deal. Paula Creamer had known that going into the tournament. But the free ticket from American Airlines? That was OK -- and quite amusing to the 18-year-old.
2	Johnson   Johnson and Guidant Hold More Talks on Acquisition Johnson   Johnson, the health care conglomerate, continued its acquisition talks with Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
1	J. Gordon Nabs Pole Jeff Gordon wins the pole for the Sharpie 500, his sixth of the season, at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway with a speed of 128.520 mph.
2	VW Management's Pay Freeze Offer Spurned  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Volkswagen management has offered to  freeze its own pay for two years in a bid to gain workers'  support for an austerity drive, but union mediators dismissed  the move as a "distraction tactic."
1	Knicks slip past Hawks He took a number of ridiculous shots last night, but one fell at precisely the right moment and gave the Knicks a dramatic 110-109 overtime victory against the Atlanta Hawks at Philips Arena.
1	Latest event far out FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots might have underestimated Adam Vinatieri's scoring range yesterday. During pregame planning, the Patriots decided not to attempt field goals if the line of scrimmage was outside the 30-yard line. But Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal in the third quarter of the Patriots' 24-3 victory over Baltimore cleared the crossbar by several yards, leaving the impression the Patriots ...
1	Ukrainian Klitschko retains WBC heavyweight crown Vitali Klitschko of Ukraine stopped Danny Williams of Britain in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown in Las Vegas on Saturday.
3	Italian Tower Ready for Space Station ROME - A watchtower built for the International Space Station (news - web sites) was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
2	Employees Face More Benefit Choices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Within the next few weeks, workers  are likely to find a little something extra in their paychecks.  No, sorry ... it's not money. Those fat envelopes will be  stuffed with the paperwork that goes with new benefit plans.
1	Iraq Reaches Olympic Soccer Quarterfinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.
1	Ajax cuts European soccer target for season after Munich defeat AFC Ajax NV, which won three straight European Cups in the 1970s, lowered its ambitions for this season #39;s European campaign after Tuesday #39;s 4-0 defeat at Bayern Munich left the team bottom of its Champions League group.
2	Manchester Utd drop Glazer talks Manchester Utd say they have ended talks with the Glazer family regarding a possible takeover.
1	Mourinho unhappy with Porto loss Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was left disappointed after his side were defeated 2-1 by his former club Porto. Mourinho blamed a lack of motivation as Chelsea sunk to their first Champions League defeat of the season.
2	Hutchison mobile IPO aims to raise 2 billion HONG KONG Hutchison Whampoa has filed with US regulators to raise as much as \$2 billion in an initial public offering of its phone business in Hong Kong, India and six other markets.
3	Drug Makers Take Aim at Counterfeiting Operations Big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets. By putting tags that transmit radio waves on medicine bottles sent to drug stores, company officials think they will be able to detect fake drugs.
2	Russia Could Finish Kyoto Approval by Year-End Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov said on Thursday.
1	Roddick Continues to Show His Dominance t has been an uninspiring United States Open for the American men, who fell apart with remarkable alacrity in the first week of the tournament.
2	How the toy industry is being outplayed by video games this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Left unfettered, Anthony Konieczka, 9, would happily thumb away at his Game Boy Advance or PlayStation2 from the minute he gets up to the moment he crawls into bed, 14 bleary-eyed hours later.
0	Ukraine poised for crucial vote under watchful eye of West, Russia (AFP) AFP - Ukraine prepared for a crucial runoff presidential vote that pits a pro-Russia prime minister against a Western-leaning opposition leader as Washington warned Kiev of consequences if the poll is rigged.
0	Three Hostages Freed In Kabul Afghan officials say three United Nations workers kidnapped on Oct. 28th in Kabul were freed late Monday in Kabul. The hostages were released late Monday and are in good condition, three Afghan officials 
3	F.T.C. Files First Lawsuit Against Spyware Concerns The Federal Trade Commission is going after spyware, bits of computer code that install themselves on the computers of Internet users to track or disrupt their online activities.
0	Scottish landslides trap up more than 50 people (AFP) AFP - More than 50 people were airlifted to safety after landslides caused by violent rain trapped cars on a road in Scotland, just days after flash floods devastated a tourist village in southwest England.
3	'Frog's glue' could mend knees A sticky substance from the skin of frogs could be used to repair human knee joints, scientists believe.
1	Milan beats Lazio; Inter held to draw by Parma Andriy Shevchenko netted two second-half goals to rally 10-man AC Milan to a 2-1 win at Lazio on Sunday, lifting the defending league champion closer to the top of the Serie A standings.
3	EMC taps longtime IBM veteran Jeffrey Nick for CTO position SEPTEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Storage vendor EMC Corp. today named Jeffrey Nick as its chief technology officer. Nick is an IBM veteran who helped design the company #39;s on-demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy.
0	New Ukraine Poll Looks Likely Way Out of Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - A new Ukrainian poll of some sort looks  increasingly likely once again on Thursday as parliament and  the Supreme Court press ahead with efforts to resolve a  national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
0	Anti-Bush Protesters Battle Police at Chile Summit Hooded anti-American marchers protesting an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile Friday hurled Molotov cocktails and stones at police who retaliated with water cannons and tear gas.
3	Blue Titan adds reliable messaging to SOA tool Attempting to fine-tune its software for use in business-critical applications, Blue Titan Software on Monday is unveiling Network Director RM (Reliable Messaging), a tool for policy distribution and messaging in SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
1	Singh Drawn Against Langer in World Match Play Opener  LONDON (Reuters) - World number one Vijay Singh faces a  first-round encounter with victorious European Ryder Cup  captain Bernhard Langer in the World Match Play Championship at  Wentworth Thursday.
1	Police investigating theft of Olympic drug test sample DUBLIN, Ireland The investigation into whether Ireland #39;s only medal winner from the Athens Olympics had a banned substance in his system has taken a twist.
1	Dent proof: Novak victorious in Tokyo Tokyo, Japan (Sports Network) - Fifth-seeded Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic sent seventh-seeded American Taylor Dent packing with a tough victory in Sunday #39;s final at the \$775,000 Japan Open.
0	British anti-terrorism police arrest radical cleric Abu Hamza British police Thursday arrested radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri under the Terrorism Act at a prison in southeast London where the cleric was already jailed under a US extradition warrant.
0	Evidence of hostage murders discovered Iraqi forces fighting alongside US troops in Fallujah yesterday claimed to have found the houses in which civilian hostages were held by militants and beheaded in front of a camera.
0	Lebanon seeks Arab support to counter UN resolution BEIRUT - Lebanon on Monday asked the Arab League to help it counter a UN Security Council resolution, aimed implicitly at its powerful neighbour, Syria, which called for Beiruts sovereignty to be respected and foreign troops to be withdrawn from the 
3	Company Launches JFK Assassination Game (AP) AP - A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy.
1	GRONHOLM CAN BOUNCE BACK - PROVERA Peugeot boss Corrado Provera expects Marcus Gronholm to bounce back today after wet weather saw him slip off the pace in the Wales Rally GB.
0	Court Throws Out Texas Death Sentence (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence.
3	Astronomers discover first Neptune-sized planets outside our solar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A team of astronomers announced last week the discovery of some of the smallest planets yet detected beyond our solar system. The two newly discovered planets represent a new class of extrasolar planets, and 
0	Sharon will not talk to Palestinian leaders until the fighting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli helicopters fired eight rockets in Gaza City in response to an earlier attack by Hamas movement against an Israeli army post on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt.
2	How mutual funds can be like marriage Within the past two weeks, we also celebrated our 10th anniversary and 15th anniversary of holding two of our favorite investments.
3	Dell closer to using AMD chips Dell president and chief executive officer Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
0	Britain warns Iran to stop uranium scheme British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has warned Iran it could face United Nations sanctions if it does not suspend its uranium enrichment program.
1	Patriots trounce Bills Troy Brown has had to make a lot of adjustments while playing both sides of the football.  quot;You always want to score when you get the ball -- offense or defense 
2	Update 1: Ex-Disney Director Testifies About Eisner A former Walt Disney Co. director testified Monday that Disney chief executive Michael Eisner told her in a December 1996 telephone conversation that then-Disney President Michael Ovitz was being fired and was eligible for a large severance package.
3	Evolution trial lawyers make final pleas Lawyers fighting a court challenge of evolution disclaimers on textbooks told a federal judge in final arguments Friday that the goal was tolerance.
2	Australian Gas Light to sell NZ business The Australian Gas Light Co. , the countrys biggest power retailer, reported a jump of 18.5 percent in annual profit on Thursday and announced plans to sell its US\$569 million stake in a New Zealand gas distributor to fund future growth.
2	Oracle wants to buy PeopleSoft cheaper ORACLE IS considering dropping its hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft by one-third to one-fourth. Oracle co-president Safra Catz said that having seen PeopleSoft #39;s 2004 performance 
3	TiVo, ReplayTV agree to limits (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - The makers of TiVo and ReplayTV digital video recorders have agreed to limit how long consumers can keep pay-for-view movies stored on future versions of the VCR-like devices.
1	Potent arsenal Fred Robbins spent four years as Daunte Culpepper #39;s teammate, and since quarterbacks always are off limits in practice, he never has had a chance to hit him.
1	Trinidad won #39;t let thoughts wander Mention Bernard Hopkins, and Felix Trinidad winces. Bring up Oscar De La Hoya or Roy Jones, and Trinidad shakes his head. Back among boxing #39;s biggest names, Trinidad is ending more than two years of retirement 
1	Manager believes club will remain competitive in 2005 There was a time when Braves manager Bobby Cox didn #39;t have to worry so much during the offseason. Those were the days when the organization #39;s pockets were deep enough to 
0	Warsaw official vowstroop cuts in Iraq POLAND WASHINGTON -- The prime minister of Poland told his Parliament yesterday that he would begin reducing the number of Polish troops in Iraq in January, another blow to the US-led coalition that has lost nearly a third of its members this year. Addressing legislators before a vote of confidence, Prime Minister Marek Belka promised, ''We will not remain in ...
2	Oil firm chief in Singapore free on bail Scandal-hit Chen Jiuling, the suspended chief of Singapore-based China Aviation Oil (CAO) was questioned by local police for a second straight day yesterday as the investigation 
1	Lilly outduels Pedro Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Ted Lilly threw a three-hit shutout with a career-high 13 strikeouts to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 3-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox at SkyDome.
1	The U.S. Gives Mia Hamm a Golden Farewell  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States gave Hall of Famer Mia  Hamm the perfect send-off Thursday, beating Brazil 2-1 to win  Olympic gold in the women's soccer tournament.
0	US Vows No Double Standards Over South Korea #39;s Nuclear Admissions GENEVA, Sept 10 (AFP) - The United States will treat South Korea in the same way as any other country that conducts secret nuclear research if such a case is made by the UN atomic agency, the top US arms official said on Friday.
0	Japan Importing US Beef Again 10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.
2	Gartner issues 10 CIO resolutions for 2005 Reassess your role, embrace change and make a backup plan. That's the advice Gartneranalysts are giving to IT professionals on how to approach the coming year.
2	McDonald's Quarterly Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; third-quarter  earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 percent on a  preliminary basis, the world's largest restaurant chain said on  Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower  tax rate.
0	Shootout Kills 2 Ariz. Officers, Wounds 1 PHOENIX - Two Phoenix police officers were killed and a third wounded Saturday night during a shootout at an apartment complex, authorities said.    The man believed to have shot the officers was found dead following a two-hour stand off with police...
3	McNealy: Sun still strong on Oracle (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- Despite Oracle #8217;s strategic push for Linux- and Intel-based deployments, Sun Microsystems retains its position as the leading platform for Oracle, Sun Chairman and CEO Scott McNealy said Wednesday at the Oracle OpenWorld conference here.
1	Ireland, Austria share lead at -12 SEVILLE, Spain -- Ireland and Austria share the lead after Thursday #39;s first round of the World Cup of Golf at the Royal Seville Golf Course, while a pair of unheralded Americans remain in contention.
2	GGP to use CMBSs for Rouse buy (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The REIT's commercial mortgage-backed securities may be tied to Rouse's prestigious mall portfolio.
0	China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 Grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
2	Russia Seeks to Prosecute Two More at Yukos The Russian government issued an arrest warrant for the chief lawyer for Yukos and arrested a midlevel executive at a company subsidiary.
3	Putting Your Own Stamp On All Your Parcels Fido the Stamp is here. Well, he could be -- all it takes is for one dog owner to snap a digital photo of his beloved pooch, submit it to the Stamps.com Web site and order personalized postage. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
0	Mets Put Another Dent in Cubs' Hopes NEW YORK - Al Leiter pitched two-hit ball for six innings to earn his first win in six weeks, and the New York Mets put another dent in Chicago's playoff hopes Sunday with a 3-2 victory over the Cubs.    Chicago began the day a half-game in front of San Francisco in the NL wild-card race after losing 4-3 to the fourth-place Mets in 11 innings Saturday...
1	Wiltord helps leaders Lyon beat Auxerre Sylvain Wiltord scored one goal and made another as he returned to lead Olympique Lyon to a 2-1 victory over AJ Auxerre in a Ligue 1 game on Saturday.
2	Target getting bum rap for ending  #39;ringer #39; favoritism Target Corp. is being treated as the Grinch who stole Christmas because it bent its rules to play Santa Claus for Salvation Army bell-ringers for years -- to the tune of about \$9 million a year.
2	Infineon posts 4Q profit decline; sees chip market downturn ahead LONDON, November 9 (newratings.com) - The German semiconductor company, Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR), has projected a downturn in the semiconductor industry next year, after reporting a 10 y/y decline in its profits for the fourth fiscal quarter.
2	Hong Kong Shares Close Marginally Lower The blue-chip Hang Seng Index slipped 6.86 points, or 0.04 percent, to 14,060.05. On Monday, the index had gained 171.88 points, or 1.22 percent.
3	Veritas, Microsoft Give Backup a Speed Boost Storage management offerings on tap from Microsoft Corp. and Veritas Software Corp. aim to extend data replication, archiving and indexing capabilities to accelerate backup and recovery operations.
0	Poland talks of Iraq withdrawal Poland #39;s Defence Minister, Jerzy Szmajdzinski, has said he believes Polish troops should withdraw from Iraq at the end of next year.
1	WVU will play Florida State in Gator Bowl The most enjoyable part of Rich Rodriguez #39;s message to his West Virginia football team yesterday was short and sweet. The Mountaineers will play in the Gator Bowl -- probably 
0	Dogs 'sniff out' bladder cancer Dogs can be trained to sniff out bladder cancer, scientists say they have proven for the first time.
3	File and Printer Sharing Insecure in XP SP2 ProKras writes  quot;German magazine PC-Welt has discovered a major security flaw in Windows XP SP2 when installing over SP1. The article says that  #39;with a certain configuration, your file and printer sharing data 
1	Rutgers Shocks Mich. St. Freshman Jeremy Ito kicked four field goals and Ryan Neill scored on a 31-yard interception return to lead improving Rutgers to a 19-14 victory on Saturday over visiting Michigan State.
0	ESPN Star Sports challenge India cricket rights (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co. and News Corp. are to challenge in court the conditional award of Indian cricket TV rights to local media firm Zee Telefilms Ltd., their ESPN Star Sports joint venture said on Tuesday.
1	Chiefs suddenly struggling in red zone To the expanding litany of woes that has plagued the winless Kansas City Chiefs through the first three weeks of the 2004 campaign, a spate of unexpected problems that extends far beyond 
0	France, United States and other nations evacuate foreigners &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; France and the United States on Wednesday began evacuating thousands of foreigners trapped for days by violent attacks targeting French civilians and troops in this West African nation.
1	BYU: Berry may start at QB for Cougars Admitting he was not comfortable coming off the bench, Matt Berry may get his wish to be Brigham Young #39;s starting quarterback.
2	US Airways Outlines Time Frame for Possible Liquidation US Airways faces a "high probability" of liquidation by mid-February if the temporary pay cuts it requested are not approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
1	Tampa Bay Buccaneers TAMPA, Florida (Ticker) -- Coach Jon Gruden benched Brad Johnson in favor of Chris Simms , but the Tampa Bay Buccaneers still couldn #39;t reach the end zone.
3	Apple inventory update: iMacs, iPods in strong demand Data reveals strong demand for Apple #39;s iMac G5 and iPod products as the holiday shopping season kicks off. PowerBooks and eMacs are approaching the end of their life cycle, recent Apple inventory data has revealed.
1	Trophy #39;s minnows sink without trace Goliath and his like have had a bad press over the years. But the Champions Trophy is doing all it can to leave us feeling sorry for the big fella and looking forward to the day when David slings his hook.
2	IBM will settle part of pension lawsuit International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the firm #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.
0	Dirty Campaign Tricks Now Serious Crimes (AP) AP - Election-year tactics like making anonymous phone calls or inventing make-believe groups to criticize the opponent now come with a higher price: the possibility of time in jail.
2	Britain hits economic growth target: Brown British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said Thursday the government had hit its economic target set for 2004. Delivering his pre-budget report to the House of Commons 
0	Whispers of regime change As a number of public opinion polls show a sustained, if not growing, lead that President George W Bush enjoys over his Democratic Party opponent John Kerry, the neo-conservatives have started 
3	Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman Sony Corp (6758.T: Quote, Profile, Research) unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an 
3	Internet is caught in its own web It is the news that Internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference 
0	Bush Attacks Kerry; Edwards Says Bush 'In Denial' (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, going on the attack\after a slip in the polls, said on Wednesday Democratic rival\John Kerry's "mind-set of September 10th" would paralyze the\United States and weaken its ability to respond to threats.
1	Bailey Tries WR Pro Bowl cornerback Champ Bailey practiced with the offense at wide reciever during the Denver Broncos' practice on Tuesday.
0	Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its top rival in the most thrilling race of the Athens Games...
1	BERNIE LEAVING CF HOT OFFSEASON TOPIC The challenge Kenny Lofton posed to Bernie Williams a year ago turned out to be a bug versus windshield. However, if the Yankees ink free agent Carlos Beltran he will be 
0	Deadline looms in Sudan crisis Khartoum agrees to allow more African Union troops and monitors in Darfur.
2	UPDATE 1-GE sells India back office unit stake for \$500 mln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering Indian business process outsourcing unit for \$500 million, making 
3	Going for green Federal agencies have new hints to guide them to green ovals in the e-government column on their quarterly Office of Management and Budget scorecards.
0	Galapagos Park Rangers Go on Strike (AP) AP - Some 300 Galapagos Islands rangers peacefully occupied park research stations Monday to protest the reported firing of the park director and his probable replacement.
3	Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said that is looking for ways to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open source project, while at the same time, apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement between Microsoft and Open Office's major sponsor, Sun Microsystems Inc., made public this week.
1	Early outburst gives Gophers smooth sailing MINNEAPOLIS -- Bryan Cupito was 10 of 12 for 279 yards and a touchdown in his first start, and No. 25 Minnesota's running backs picked up where they left off last season in a 63-21 rout of Toledo last night.
2	Beck's Brewer Sees Beer Demand Rising (Reuters) Reuters - Belgium's Interbrew, which acquired\AmBev to create the world's biggest brewer, reiterated on\Thursday its higher volume and profit targets for 2004 as\demand began to recover from a weak summer.
2	Delta to sell planes, spare engines to FedEx Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it reached a deal with FedEx Express to sell eight McDonnell Douglas MD11 aircraft and four spare engines for delivery in 2004.
0	Another 10 are taken Six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for the country's mobile phone company are the latest kidnapped, authorities say, and Muslim leaders in Britain announce plans to send negotiators to Baghdad to try to win the release of Kenneth Bigley. More than 140 foreigners have been taken in Iraq and 26 killed. Meanwhile, insurgents fire a rocket on a Baghdad street, ...
0	Radcliffe suffers marathon agony An exhausted Paula Radcliffe fails to finish in Athens as Japan's Mizuki Noguchi wins the women's marathon.
2	Columbus near middle of traffic congestion ranking Commuters in the Columbus metropolitan area waited an average of 29 hours in traffic tie-ups in 2002 -- making it the 39th most congested large city in the nation, according to a report by the Texas Transportation Institute.
2	CNN Chooses Ex-CBS Official as Its U.S. Chief CNN appointed Jonathan Klein, who used to be the No..2 executive at CBS News, as president of its domestic network.
2	Home Depot Reports Higher Profit, Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top home  improvement retailer, on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by installed  services and sales to contractors.
1	Sales is hoping to close the deal Connecticut Sun shooting guard Nykesha Sales was the team's leading scorer this season, averaging 15.2 points. She scored in double figures 26 times, and in her six years in the WNBA, has scored almost 2,800 points.
2	Where Have All the Chief Financial Officers Gone? The push for better ethics and transparent accounting in corporate America has had an unexpected side effect: more finance chiefs are calling it quits.
3	NEC licenses Honeywell LCD tech Honeywell #39;s legal action against 34 electronics and computing companies for allegedly infringing one of its LCD patents has yielded its first public licensing agreement.
0	Two Blasts Rip Through Baghdad, Killing 8 BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded at an entrance to the Green Zone, a heavily fortified area in Baghdad that houses the U.S. Embassy and Iraqi government buildings, killing at least eight people and wounding about 50, hospital and military officials said...
2	COASTAL BUSINESS US Airways and its pilots union broke off talks on reduced pay and benefits, the Bloomberg news service reported Monday. US Airways, Myrtle Beach International Airport #39;s busiest carrier, is seeking concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing.
0	Davenport Easily Defeats Asagoe at Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport is two victories from a second U.S. Open title and the No...
3	Google Releases Desktop Search Tool Google released a free tool today that lets people simultaneously search the Web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Kiev Parties as Court Orders Re-Run of Rigged Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine begins preparing on Saturday for a  new election after its highest court annulled a rigged poll,  breaking a political deadlock and triggering a night of  ecstatic street celebrations in Kiev.
3	EDS/Vodafone switch on managed mobility service Vodafone and EDS have deployed a global managed service for ABN AMRO Bank of the Netherlands, based on RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile email clients.
3	The Little Website that Couldn't There once was a boy who for no apparent reason went around knifing his classmates. This boy's parents took him to nearly every mental health professional with no success... until one day a famous hypnotist came to town. There was a long line to speak to him, and as they waited medical doctors hovered around them trying to convince them it was all quackery.  But the parents, figuring they had nothing to lose, continued standing in line with their disturbed son.  At long last they told the doctor about their son's twisted history, and after a long pause the doctor looked the boy square in the eye and said,  "My, won't you be surprised when you never do anything like this again."
3	Supreme Court upholds do-not-call registry The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal by commercial telemarketers opposed to the popular program, in which consumers can put their names on a list if they do not want to be called.
0	Environmentalists See Trouble Ahead (AP) AP - Environmentalists see some of their worst fears playing out as President Bush moves to cement a second-term agenda that includes getting more timber, oil and gas from public lands and relying on the market rather than regulation to curb pollution.
3	Report: companies expect fast IT spending growth But IDC researchers voice a more cautious view, based on factors including high oil prices.
3	Private Spaceship Designers Given  #36;10M (AP) AP - The designers of the first privately manned rocket to burst into space were handed a  #36;10 million check Saturday, a prize designed to encourage technology that will open the heavens to tourists.
2	Best Buy: Best Sales Yet to Come  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Best Buy Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  nation's top electronics retail chain, posted a 21 percent rise  in quarterly profit on Wednesday, slightly above expectations,  and said the holiday shopping season was even more competitive  than last year.
0	Britain fires its Uzbek ambassador Great Britain has dismissed its ambassador to Uzbekistan after months of the diplomat #39;s speaking out against the Asian nation #39;s poor human rights record.
2	Oil Up as Ivan Threatens US Facilities World oil prices climbed on Monday as companies operating in the US Gulf of Mexico braced for output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
2	India plans to help boost exports India has unveiled a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next five years.
0	Violence exposes Shi'ite divisions BAGHDAD -- Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash that underscored the increasingly vitriolic and open split within the Shi'ite Muslim community.
2	China Aviation seeks rescue plan Collapsed jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil launches a rescue plan after running up \$550m in trading losses.
1	Season far from running course With the PGA Tour #39;s major championships concluded for 2004, we look for other story lines to sustain the golf season. The back nine: ...
2	Pulitzer Hired Banker to Explore Sale  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc.  confirmed on Sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it  explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the  company.
2	State Street Profit Drops, Job Cuts Coming  BOSTON (Reuters) - State Street Corp., the world's biggest  institutional asset manager, on Tuesday said third-quarter  profit fell 12 percent amid lower revenue and higher expenses,  sending its shares tumbling.
1	On a Slow Court, Spain Is Quicker The first day of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States made history as a record 27,200 spectators took their seats under the temporary roof in the Estadio Olimpico.
1	Rams, Bucs Tied 7-7 After First Quarter (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams and Tampa Bay Bucs both got off to a fast start Monday night, scoring on their first possessions and they were tied 7-7 after the first quarter.
3	Australian Farm Group Announces Research (AP) AP - Farmers said Tuesday they are investigating alternatives to slicing flesh from live sheep to prevent them from becoming infested with flies, after animal advocates urged a boycott of Australian wool to protest the "grossly inhumane" practice.
2	OPEC cuts oil production to hold prices The oil producing OPEC cartel Monday began reducing its oil output to maintain prices around current levels, the Wall Street Journal reported.
0	Lawyer: Russia Becoming Anti-Democratic (AP) AP - A defense lawyer for jailed oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky said Tuesday anti-democratic trends were emerging in Russia under President Vladimir Putin with the aim of quieting political opponents.
2	Altiris Falls 7 Percent Before Bell Shares of Altiris Inc. (ATRS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 7 percent before the opening bell on Tuesday a day after it posted disappointing earnings.
3	Advertisers find a demographic gold mine: fantasy sports Advertisers have uncovered a world of young men with plenty of time on their hands and money to spend - a highly coveted demographic - in an unlikely place.
2	Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. job market brightened in\August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and\hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the\Labor Department reported on Friday.
2	The Week #39;s Business: Putting Black behind bars or recovering money &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even in the context of current outrage against corporate malfeasance, the tone of a report released this week detailing financial self-dealing by Conrad Black and his top lieutenant at Hollinger International Inc.
0	Adams Urges Stronger UN Response to Darfur Crisis The United Nations and European Union were urged today to muster a more effective international response to the humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of Sudan.
2	New Microsoft software targets small companies Microsoft launched a new software product aimed at small and midsize businesses on Monday to strengthen its position in a fragmented market it sees as ripe for growth.
2	Privacy Complaint Against Airline Dismissed Northwest Airlines did not violate its own privacy policy and did not mislead customers when it shared passenger records with the government as part of a secret airline security project after the terrorist attacks in 2001, the Department of Transportation has ruled.
1	Putting a Face on College Programs Shortly before Steve Spurrier appeared at Derrick Williams #39;s Upper Marlboro home on Monday night, the phone rang. It was Ron Zook.
2	Boston hospital mends its finances Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center this week plans to announce its first annual operating profit since the 1996 merger that brought one of the city's premier medical institutions to the brink of bankruptcy.
2	Coke #39;s flat earnings pop Wall Street rally, expectations US stocks fizzed downward yesterday after Coca-Cola Co. and other firms reported disappointing sales and earnings projections - giving Wall Street a case of indigestion amid concern that the days of fat corporate profits may be over.
2	Tests Show No Mad Cow, Cattle Prices Rise  WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - An animal suspected of  having mad cow disease was given a clean bill of health in a  second round of sophisticated testing, the U.S. Agriculture  Department said on Tuesday after cattle prices soared in  expectation of the news.
1	Number of NHL Players in Europe Hits 231 Toronto's Nik Antropov, Philadelphia's Michal Handzus and Pittsburgh's Steve McKenna became the latest NHL players to head to Europe during the lockout.
1	NL Wrap: Rookie Helps Pirates Hand Astros a Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched\eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory,\powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in\the National League (NL) Friday.
2	Bill Gates Gives \$400,000 to California Stem-Cell Bond Measure Microsoft Corp. Chairman Bill Gates has donated \$400,000 to a campaign in California trying to win approval of a measure calling for the state to sell \$3 billion in bonds to fund stem-cell research.
2	Financier was grim reaper: Market-timing crime profited after 9/11 On September 13, 2001, most Americans were still reeling from the shock of the terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon two days before.
0	PITCAIRN WITNESS: CULTURE OF SILENCE In the first of a series of Pitcairn sex abuse trials, a British woman allegedly raped during her childhood on the remote Pacific island has told a court that men on the island were given free rein to treat young girls as sexual playthings.
0	China Rules Out Terrorism in Plane Crash Investigators in China have ruled out terrorism in the crash of a passenger plane Sunday that claimed the lives of 54 people. State media said Monday that investigators sent from Beijing hadn #39;t determined 
2	ST Telemedia, TM International to acquire 48 per cent stake in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singapore Technologies Telemedia (ST Telemedia) and TM International, the international investment arm of Telekom Malaysia (together as a Consortium), have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 per cent stake in IDEA Cellular (IDEA 
1	Patriots discovering virtue of versatility When it comes to switching positions for the good of the team, some players do it comfortably while others, according to Patriots coach Bill Belichick, wouldn't even be asked.  quot;Some players can interchange from position to position seamlessly and you would never know sometimes what their primary spot was, quot; said Belichick, whose team had a day off from ...
0	Family waits for reunion After nine days of being held by kidnappers in Iraq, New York-based freelance journalist Micah Garen will reunite with his family this week, his father said yesterday.
0	Thai probe announced in deaths of detainees Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister yesterday said he would set up an independent commission to investigate the 
0	U.S. Army Soldier in New Round of Hearings (AP) AP - A U.S. Army tank company commander accused of murdering a man in Iraq went before a military court Wednesday for a fresh round of hearings to determine whether he should be court-martialed.
2	Around The Region HCC Insurance Holdings said Monday that its subsidiaries that have market service agreements have voluntarily suspended payments under the agreements.
2	US subsidies in spotlight BRUSSELS: The European Union sought talks with Washington yesterday over US export tax subsidies that will survive last month #39;s repeal of a system the World Trade Organisation (WTO) had declared illegal.
0	Israel AG Says Shift Barrier to Avoid Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's attorney general urged the\government Thursday to swiftly reroute its barrier in the\occupied West Bank to minimize the risk of international\sanctions after the World Court deemed the project illegal.
2	Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy US stocks were set for a steady start on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas Instruments (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) lending some backbone to the technology sector.
2	Nikkei Falls by Midday, Techs Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.29  percent by midday on Wednesday as investors took a breather  from the market's recent rises and sold shares of gainers such  as Sharp Corp. and other technology issues.
2	SEC to Congress: Defer to FASB on Options (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Congress should stay out of\the debate over expensing stock options and let the Financial\Accounting Standards Board handle it, U.S. Securities and\Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson said.
0	Arafat #39;s wife sends message to leaders Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.
3	International Space Station Status Report: SS04-029 Smoothly and ahead of schedule, Expedition 9 Commander Gennady Padalka and Flight Engineer Mike Fincke completed the fourth and final spacewalk of their six-month mission today.
0	Freed UN hostages prepare for trip home KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three UN workers held hostage for nearly a month were preparing to fly home after their release yesterday from an ordeal that suggested Taliban-linked militants are adopting the tactics of Iraqi insurgents.
0	France to expand public stake in nuclear giant Areva to 35-40 pct PARIS : The French government will further privatise Areva in the first half of 2005, bringing the listed capital to 35-40 percent of the world #39;s leading civilian nuclear energy group, Economy Minister Nicolas Sarkozy revealed.
0	World ; Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov #39;t Swipes at US The minister said the attack was aimed at halting prosecutions led by Anderson against several hundred opposition politicians, lawyers and former military officers accused of supporting Chavez #39;s short-lived ouster in the 2002 coup.
3	Gateway's PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter (Reuters) Reuters - PC maker Gateway Inc. said on\Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers\and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro\Center's 20 stores in the United States.
2	PMC-Sierra Cuts Q3 Outlook The high-speed broadband communications, storage, and MIPS processor chip maker said revenues are now expected to be between \$71 million and \$73 million.
2	Drinking at last-chance saloon Yukos will on Thursday seek an injunction from a US court in a last-gasp bid to block the forced auction of its main operating unit by the Russian government on Sunday.
3	Dell Unveils Inexpensive Projector New 2300MP digital model offers high brightness and resolution, at a low price.
3	Americans Denied a True Presidential Debate Americans did not see a true presidential debate on September 30, 2004. What they saw was a carefully planned bipartisan press conference in which George W. Bush and John Kerry, acting through their corporate campaigns, agreed to appear and respond to questions. Third party candidates Michael Badnarik (Libertarian), David Cobb (Green), Ralph Nader (Independent), and Michael A. Peroutka (Constitution) were not invited to participate, despite having a mathematical possibility of obtaining enough electoral votes to secure the office of President of the United States.
2	Goodrich Posts Higher 3rd-Quarter Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aircraft brake and landing gear maker  Goodrich Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted higher quarterly sales  and earnings and raised its full-year forecasts as an improving  market for aircraft equipment boosted demand for its products.
2	Yukos sells gas stake YUKOS has sold a 56 per cent stake in a Siberian natural gas company to the Anglo-Russian joint venture TNK-BP to pay off its crushing tax bill, Western oil sources and media reports said today. 
0	KOREA: Rumors Swirl over Missing Portraits Speculation surrounding the reported removal of portraits of Dear Leader Kim Jong-il from some public buildings and homes in North Korea continued to swirl Thursday but 
1	ASU, Cal Defenses Looking for Respect (AP) AP - When two quarterbacks as good as California's Aaron Rodgers and Arizona State's Andrew Walter meet up, it usually leads to a thrilling game for fans  #151; and an embarrassing night for defenses.
3	Lenovo May Be in Acquisition Talks With IBM (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy IBM Corp.'s personal computer business.
0	GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...
1	Novak triumphs in Japan Open Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic rallied to beat the American Taylor Dent, 5-7, 6-1, 6-3, on Sunday to win the Japan Open men #39;s final in Tokyo.
1	American Lindsey Kildow wins first downhill, Turgeon top Canadian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Lindsey Kildow of Vail, Colo., won her first World Cup downhill race Friday, continuing the American domination of the early part of the ski season.
3	Blingo Search Engine Offers Prizes To Users Blingo Search Engine Offers Prizes To Users\\Blingo is a new search engine offering users something extra along with their search results. Every time users search on Blingo, they also have a chance to win a prize instantly. Don't confuse Blingo with Plinko, the Price is Right game where we all ...
0	UK no longer top asylum nation The UK has been replaced by France as the top destination for asylum seekers in the industrialised world, says the UN.
2	Treasuries Rally, Yields Hit 6-Week Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields touched their  lowest levels in over a month on Wednesday, driven by largely  technical factors in an illiquid year-end market.
0	Egypt proposes unified call to prayer The Egyptian government says it wants to unify the calls to prayer that air separately from thousands of mosque loudspeakers in the capital Cairo.
2	Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update2) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics 
3	Calif. to Sue Over Sierra Nevada Logging Expansion (Reuters) Reuters - California plans to sue the Bush\administration over its plans to expand significantly the\amount of logging allowed in the Sierra Nevada mountains, the\state's Democratic attorney general said on Friday.
2	Iraq to phase out all subsidies: planning minister (AFP) AFP - The Iraqi government plans to phase out slowly subsidies on basic products, such as oil and electricity, which comprise 50 percent of public spending, equal to 15 billion dollars, the planning minister said.
2	United directors ousted by Glazer US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has three Manchester United directors ousted from the board after voting against their re-election.
3	Microsoft to Europe: Don't Be Cruel Microsoft isn't quite begging, but the company is hoping a European court will cut it some major slack in its fight against an antitrust ruling, citing concerns that PC users will get the short end of the stick. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	Calif. to Let San Francisco Bridge Bid to Expire California transportation officials said on Thursday they have decided to allow a \$1.4 billion bid to rebuild part of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge to expire and to solicit less expensive designs for the over-budget project 
3	Web Positioning With Top Results Or The Ability To Attract More &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If placing your website within the top search engine results, entering certain keywords in Google, Yahoo, MSN Search, or Alta Vista, has become your daily obsession, stop for a moment and reflect.
3	Microsoft Sees Music Opportunity in Cell Phones US software giant Microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market by rivals like Apple.
2	Greenspan warns on ageing threat Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warns that prompt action is needed to fund pensions for the ageing US population.
1	Utes D coordinator has two offers SALT LAKE CITY -- Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham is deciding whether to stay at University of Utah and accept its head coaching job or take a rival offer from Brigham Young University.
2	Japan Shares Edge Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares fell at the start of a  holiday-shortened week on Tuesday as brokers and banks declined  on recent data indicating signs of an economic slowdown in some  key areas, offsetting gains in some chip-related stocks.
0	Quebec TV producer Guy Cloutier pleads guilty to five sex-related charges (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Guy Cloutier, one of Quebec's best-known TV and music producers, pleaded guilty Wednesday to five charges, including sexual assault, indecent assault and having sex with a female under 14 who was not his wife.
3	Light relay 'should be dropped' A leading astronomy group in the US voices opposition to a global 'light relay' planned for next year.
0	Buddhist plea for help in Thailand BANGKOK, Thailand -- Buddhists in Thailand have implored Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to end violence targeting them on an almost daily basis in the south of the country.
3	Vocal biologist fired from wildlife agency The US Fish and Wildlife Service has fired a biologist who publicly accused the agency of using bad science to approve construction projects in panther habitat.
0	Experience has taught US not to enter dangerous territory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (MNA) -- Expediency Council Chairman Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said here Tuesday that he was confident that experience has taught the United States not to dare to attack Iran.
0	Iraq Bombings Kill 35 Youths, Hurt Scores (AP) AP - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the Iraq conflict.
0	'Star Trek' Actor Doohan Receives Star LOS ANGELES - "Star Trek" actor James Doohan - famed for his portrayal of "Beam Me Up" Scotty, the intrepid engineer who kept the starship Enterprise warping across galaxies - grinned and waved to fans Tuesday as he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.    It was expected to be the last public appearance of the 84-year-old performer, who was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and also suffers from Parkinson's disease, diabetes and lung fibrosis...
3	Brief: PeopleSoft revises Q3 earnings up PeopleSoft has increased its earnings results for the third quarter after recalculating the income tax benefit related to the severance package for its former CEO, Craig Conway.
3	Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge The subscription software company adds 85,000 individual subscribers to its online customer information system.
2	What Will You Do With Your Credit? You may have access to more money than you think -- just be careful.
1	Police continue probe as another Indy-Detroit battle looms (AFP) AFP - Police viewed videotapes from last week's basketball brawl between Indiana Pacers players and Detroit Pistons fans seeking evidence on the eve of another Indiana-Detroit sports showdown.
0	Jeanne Lashes Dominican Republic; 9 Dead SAN PEDRO DE MACORIS, Dominican Republic - Tropical Storm Jeanne battered the Dominican Republic before heading to the Bahamas where the tempest, which has killed at least nine people, began to churn seas and stir deadly storm surges on Saturday.    Jeanne lost strength as it drove thousands of Dominicans from their homes by late Friday...
0	French girls expelled over veils Three more Muslim girls are expelled from school in France after defying the new law banning headscarves.
1	Pro tours: The stops and the talk WORLD GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS Event: NEC Invitational Site: Firestone Country Club, South Course (7,230 yards, par 70), Akron, Ohio. Schedule: Today-Sunday. Purse: \$7 million. Winner's share: \$1.2 million. Television: ESPN (today-tomorrow, 3-7 p.m.) and Channel 4 (Saturday, 2-6 p.m.; Sunday, 2:30-6:30 p.m.). Last year: Darren Clarke won his second WGC title, beating Jonathan Kaye by four strokes. Last week: Vijay Singh ...
2	McDonald #39;s Bell Steps Down Due to Cancer McDonald #39;s Corp. said on Monday that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just seven months after 
1	Report: Colorado hit by grand jury indictment A grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, The Denver Post reported yesterday.
2	Marsh   McLennan CEO Greenberg Resigns (Reuters) Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos.  Chairman\and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned on Monday, 11\days after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused the\world's biggest insurance broker of rigging bids.
0	Group Frees US Journalist Hostage in Iraq-TV US journalist Micah Garen was on Sunday freed by an Iraqi group who had held him hostage in the southern Iraqi city of Nassiriya.  quot;I am very grateful to everyone who worked to protect me 
3	Canadian iTunes Music Store postponed (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. confirmed for MacCentral on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store has been delayed. Company representatives declined to comment on a specific timeframe for the store, but said in a statement that it would be very soon.
0	Bigley forced to watch beheading BRITISH hostage Kenneth Bigley was made to watch a video showing the beheading of one of his American friends before he begged Tony Blair to save his life.
3	Size Matters When It Comes to Nostrils (Reuters) Reuters - Large nostrils count more than a big\nose when it come to smelling power, said German scientists on\Wednesday after completing a three-year-long study aimed at\treating smelling disorders.
0	Russian House Ratifies Kyoto Protocol (AP) AP - Russia's upper house of parliament on Wednesday ratified the Kyoto Protocol and sent it to President Vladimir Putin for the final stamp of approval that would bring the global climate pact into force early next year.
0	Chirac, Blair Say Relations Not Strained French President Jacques Chirac and British Prime Minister Tony Blair maintained Thursday that relations between their countries were not strained by their disagreements over the Iraq war, as evidenced by their cooperation on a number of international 
3	HP announces new low-end server ProLiant ML150 G2 offers a Xeon chip or two for small and medium-sized businesses.
0	Israeli Missile Kills One in Gaza Camp -- Medics (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into\a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing\an elderly man and wounding at least three people, Palestinian\witnesses and medics said.
1	Bob King, Architect of N.M. Hoops, Dies (AP) AP - Bob King, Larry Bird's first coach at Indiana State and the architect of New Mexico basketball who never had a losing record in 10 seasons with the Lobos, died Friday at 81.
3	Bush is Weak, Inept, and Unfit to Lead \\Of course Russell  is correct...\\"Personally, when I saw this video I was completely amazed. Osama is still\around? It's hard to believe, but not only is he alive and well, but still\threatening the U.S. Incredible! Regardless of my political feelings, I had\the sense that Osama was in some cave somewhere barely alive, or permanently\crippled or something. He seemed fine to me on television."\\"So here's the October surprise which will be spun incredibly by both\parties. But honestly, this is incontestable proof that George Bush is a\shamefully inept leader and a person who cannot protect America. Bin Laden\should not be on TV threatening us, he should be dead. The reason he's not?\Because  ...\\
0	China facing environment 'crisis' A senior Chinese official tells the BBC the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.
0	System of pet passports to apply fully from Friday BRUSSELS New EU-wide legislation introducing a pet passport will be fully applicable from Friday, allowing pets and their owners to travel legally within the European Union, the European Commission said Wednesday.
3	Wal-Mart #39;s Linux-based computer not so great Q: We are in the market for a new computer, which we would use mostly for e-mail, the Internet, letters and reports. I #39;ve read about a PC sold online by Wal-Mart that runs Linux instead of Windows.
1	Soderling beats compatriot Johansson to advance to semis Robin Soderling of Sweden beat fourth-seeded countryman Joachim Johansson 6-3, 6-4 in a quarterfinal match Friday at the Lyon Open.
2	Update 5: Volkswagen, German Union OK Pay Freeze Germany #39;s biggest industrial union agreed to a 28-month pay freeze in a deal Wednesday with automaker Volkswagen, receiving in return a guarantee that there will be no layoffs before 2011, the chief union negotiator said Wednesday.
1	ROUND-UP United through put Liverpool falter Roy Keanes Manchester United booked their place in the knock-out stages of the Uefa Champions League with a victory at home to French champions Olympique Lyonnais on Tuesday, but Liverpool were defeated by their own French nemeses, last seasons 
3	Blair reveals some games 'unsuitable' for kids That's why the law already bans their sale to minors, Tony...
1	Bekele Succeeds Mentor Gebrselassie  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele succeeded his  mentor Haile Gebrselassie as the Olympic 10,000 meters champion  Friday after an astonishing final lap in the longest track  event.
1	Terps #39; Jackson Plenty Motivated For FSU Clash D #39;Qwell Jackson grew up in Largo, Fla., 300 miles from Tallahassee and almost 1,000 miles from College Park. Geography was one obstacle Ralph Friedgen overcame to sign Jackson, who played 
3	Sprint backs Apple tech for video streaming Cell carrier certifies QuickTime format for delivering video to handsets.
1	Italy: Udinese beat Atalanta, Lazio draw with Lecce BERGAMO/ROME, Dec 11 (SW) - Udinese were the stronger side at Atalanta Bergamo, while Lazio Roma refused to give up against Lecce, to eventually reach a draw.
2	Sales soar in aerospace industry WASHINGTON -- After three dark years, the sun finally peeked through yesterday at the Aerospace Industries Association #39;s annual year-end review.
3	HP Repurchases \$1.3B of Common Stock Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said Monday that it bought back about \$1.3 billion worth of common shares from Merrill Lynch   Co. in an accelerated repurchase program, while its board also approved the repurchase of an added \$3 billion in stock.
0	2 Soldiers Wounded in Palestinian Suicide Bombing in West Bank The Israeli army says two soldiers were injured when a Palestinians suicide bomber blew himself up at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday.
2	Before-the-Bell: Taser, Oracle Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taser International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares were up more than 6 percent in premarket trading on  Tuesday after the stun gun maker said it had received orders  totaling more than \$1 million.
3	Titan Surface Still a Mystery NASA investigators now have the most detailed pictures ever taken of Titan. But the images can't penetrate the mystery that surrounds the Saturnian moon. By Amit Asaravala.
1	Mariners Trade Williams to Padres The Seattle Mariner traded left-handed pitcher Randy Williams to the San Diego Padres on Friday for infielder Billy Hogan.
0	Clinton Gets Hearty Campaign 'Welcome Back' (Reuters) Reuters - Former U.S. President Bill\Clinton, just seven weeks after heart surgery, received a\rousing welcome back to the campaign trail on Monday at a rally\to rev up core Democratic support before next week's election.
1	Spurrier Sees SEC Title for Gamecocks (AP) AP - Right now, life is a blur for new South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier.
0	Inflation falls further below target (AFP) AFP - Inflation slowed to an annual rate of 1.3 percent in August from 1.4 percent in July, well below the 2.0-percent target used by the Bank of England.
2	Low rates boost housing: Single-family home sales reach 2nd &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The state #39;s housing market continued to hit record levels last month as a dip in mortgage rates and improved inventories spurred many buyers to action, according to the Massachusetts Association of Realtors.
0	Last Chance for N.Irish Deal as Fresh Talks Open  BELFAST (Reuters) - Talks billed as the last chance to save  Northern Ireland's 1998 Good Friday peace agreement began on  Wednesday with the end of the IRA guerrilla group as one of  their prime aims.
0	Fighting Erupts in West Sudan Despite Accord Less than two weeks after the Sudanese government and rebels reached a partial agreement aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, two clashes in that western Sudan 
3	Nvidia #39;s GoForce 3D 4500 for Phones Additionally, mobile devices powered by the new 3D WMP will be able to synthesize realistic environments with objects that behave according to complex physics and intelligent characters with true-to-life personalities.
0	Al-Qaida Suspect Killed in Pakistan Raid KARACHI, Pakistan - Paramilitary police killed a suspected top al-Qaida operative Sunday in a four-hour gunbattle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said.    Amjad Hussain Farooqi had been wanted for his alleged role in the kidnapping and beheading of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl in 2002 and two assassination attempts against President Gen...
2	Rich and Happy? No Guarantees Acquiring wealth is like a caffeine buzz: a fleeting high that leaves you wanting more.
3	AMD turns to Chartered for help Advanced Micro Devices is building a new plant in Germany but still needs outside assistance to meet expected demand.
1	Man Utd confident of catching Chelsea LONDON - Manchester United is confident it can catch up nine points on Premier League leaders Chelsea. First it has to win its third match in a row for the first time this season.
2	Were You Ready for Some Football? Disney kicks off another season of Monday Night Football -- on a Thursday.
1	Pirates agree to terms with Mesa and Torres Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract, with a club option for 2006.
2	Global Crossing Falls as It Seeks New Financing (Update2) Shares of Global Crossing Ltd., 10 months out of bankruptcy, plunged 19 percent after the fiber- optic network operator said it needs as much as \$40 million in new loans to avoid running out of money this year.
0	Kidnappers in Iraq Free Seven Truckers BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants in Iraq freed seven foreign truck drivers Wednesday after holding them six weeks, while Muslims united behind calls for the release of two French reporters captured by a separate group demanding that France revoke a ban on Muslim head scarves in schools.    Also Wednesday, gunmen shot at a convoy carrying former Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmad Chalabi as he returned from Najaf to attend the first meeting of Iraq's 100-member National Council, which is to act as a watchdog over the interim government and help shepherd the nation to elections...
0	Buenos Aires banks bombed Banks in Buenos Aires were today hit in series of explosions that left a security guard dead. Two branches of Citibank and a Banco Galicia branch in the Argentinian capital were targeted in the attacks.
1	DiMarco has sneer down pat Minutes after he finished his third round at the 84 Lumber Classic yesterday, DiMarco found fault with the threesomes that were used, the slow pace of play, life 
0	15 dead as huge typhoon slams Japan TOKYO - As many as 15 people were killed on Wednesday when Typhoon Tokage slammed into western Japan, bringing heavy rains and powerful winds.
1	Harrison signs \$66M deal with Colts Harrison agreed to a six-year, \$66 million contract with the team on Wednesday that includes a \$22 million signing bonus, according to a league source who requested anonymity.
0	China Threatens to Veto UN Darfur Draft -Diplomats  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China is threatening to veto a  revised U.S. draft resolution that would consider U.N.  sanctions against Sudan's oil industry if Khartoum does not  rein in marauding militia fighters in its Darfur region,  diplomats reported on Wednesday.
0	Loud Blast Shakes Baghdad, Casualties Feared  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A loud explosion rocked a cafe  frequented by Iraqi police near the Australian embassy in  Baghdad on Sunday, witnesses said.
3	Universities Struggling with SSL-Busting Spyware Experts call Marketscore software a privacy threat.
0	Karzai leading in Afghan polls PESHAWAR, Oct 18: Afghan President Hamid Karzai continued to maintain his lead over his rival candidates in the presidential elections.
2	No rescue for Alitalia warns Italy Italy #39;s government renewed its threat to let Alitalia die unless unions agree to a cost-cutting deal by September 15, saying the days of bailing out the loss-making airline were over.
2	Beware of banks bearing 'gift' cards Gift cards are hot items this holiday season -- both at stores and in the courts.
1	Leiter undecided Although Al Leiter has pledged his allegiance to the Mets on numerous occasions, baseball sources have told the Daily News he is  quot;still very much undecided quot; about his future and is not close to signing with the Mets or another team.
3	XM Satellite Radio to Broadcast on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company #39;s discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users 
0	Weight ops linked to nerve damage A significant number of patients who have their stomachs stapled develop nerve damage in their extremities, research has found.
2	Long on Cash, Short on Ideas What's holding companies back? Can anything be done to rev up their investment spending?
3	Sun, HP Focus on SAN Management Sun Microsystems Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. are both building storage virtualization tools and storage grid technology to help customers drive adaptable intelligence and unified management deeper into multivendor storage environments.
3	Valve Wins Round One Back in September we reported on the legal battle between Valve and Vivendi surrounding the  quot;cyber cafs quot; issue where Valve served Sierra On-Line, the then-Half-Life publisher, in August 2002, suing for copyright infringement in violation of the 
2	IPO Outlook Muted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. IPO market's first-half  revival from last year's moribund levels turned into a summer  of discontent for many eager companies trying to tap the public  markets.
3	SonicWall releases stand-alone content filtering device SonicWall Inc. is introducing a stand-alone content filtering appliance for businesses with between 50 and 1,000 users.
0	S Africans 'armed to the hilt' South African civilians own more guns than the police and military combined, a study finds.
0	Police: Driver Tried to Run Over Florida Rep. Harris (Reuters) Reuters - A Florida motorist was arrested Wednesday\on charges of trying to run down U.S. Rep. Katherine Harris at\an intersection where the controversial former state elections\chief was campaigning for re-election to Congress.
1	Bears #39; loss could be gross, man MINNEAPOLIS -- The sight of Rex Grossman leaving the Metrodome turf on a cart was bad enough for the Bears #39; faithful. Seeing his family upset outside the team #39;s locker room was more telling.
1	McCullum ton swings Test match in NZ #39;s favour Dhaka - New Zealand tightened the screws on Bangladesh with a superb maiden century from Brendon McCullum in the opening Test at the Bangabandu National Stadium here on Thursday.
0	Britain to Tighten Anti-Terror Laws LONDON, November 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Britain will adopt a set of tightened anti-terror laws in case Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party wins the general elections, due next year, the home secretary said on Sunday, November 21.
1	Viloria knocks out Priolo in flyweight bout Former Olympic boxer Brian Viloria of Wiapahu, Hawaii, knocked out Angel Priolo of Colombia in the seventh round of a scheduled 12-round flyweight bout Thursday night at the Grand Olympic Auditorium.
3	Man jailed over China DVD porn A Chinese court has sentenced a man to 19 years in prison for trafficking pornographic DVDS, state media reports.
2	The Rouse Co. sold for \$12.6 billion General Growth Properties is going mall shopping, as it announced plans Friday to buy shopping mall owner The Rouse Co. 
3	Sun acquisition to boost IT services portfolio Sun is moving from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris operating system platform and beefing up its support for competing operating systems such as Windows, HP-UX and AIX, with the purchase of IT services company SevenSpace.
3	N. Korea killing forests, waterways, UN finds SEOUL, South Korea - North Koreas forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the 
2	Delta to eliminate D/FW hub, cut jobs to save \$5 billion Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) is eliminating its Dallas/Fort Worth Airport connecting hub, dropping some daily flights from the airport, and cutting between 6,000 and 7,000 jobs throughout its system over 
2	Oracle wins antitrust suit in bid for rival Ruling lifts major &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A federal judge handed Oracle Corp. a major victory Thursday when he ruled that the software giant #39;s \$7.7 billion hostile bid to gobble up rival PeopleSoft Inc.
1	Funk Takes One Shot Lead at Buick Championship  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Fred Funk shot a  one-under-par 69 Saturday to take a one-shot lead after the  third round of the Buick Championship.
0	Fresh Unrest in Ivory Coast Despite Peace Efforts  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters in Ivory Coast on Tuesday after days of rioting in  the main city Abidjan.
1	Another victory for Miller World Cup leader Bode Miller won the slalom yesterday at Sestriere, Italy, to join Marc Girardelli as the only men to win races in all four disciplines in a season. Miller, of Franconia, N.H., won for the sixth time in 10 World Cup races by finishing two runs down the 2006 Olympic course in a combined 1 minute 39.03 seconds. ...
2	Oil Prices Ease From 21-Year High But Remain Volatile New York, Sept. 29 (NNN): Hitting fresh 21-year highs of more than \$50 a barrel a day earlier, oil prices eased slightly on Tuesday but remained quite volatile as increased fighting in Nigeria forced several 
2	Sainsbury profits to drop by two thirds In a statement today supermarket chain Sainsbury said it expected first-half profits to drop nearly two-thirds compared with last year as a result of loss of market share.
3	Holidays Push Back Da Vinci Tests Well, when you #39;re running a space program with mostly volunteers, you have to expect some hiccups. The da Vinci Project, a Canadian effort to launch a civilian space flight, has pushed back test flights because of the looming holiday season.
0	Aid to Iraq should be sent faster, donors say TOKYO Aid to Iraq should be disbursed faster, Iraqi companies should get priority for contracts, and projects should be focused on bolstering parliamentary elections that are to be held in January, Iraqis and donor representatives agreed on Thursday at 
2	Wal-Mart Seeks to Repair Image in Calif. (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  sent\an open letter to California residents on Thursday, hoping it\will help the world's largest retailer  overcome resistance to\its plans for expansion in that state.
3	Novell set to fly with cross-platform management Novell Inc has released a new version of its ZENworks management software for Linux as it moves towards a common management interface for Linux, Windows, Unix and NetWare.
3	Remote control rifle range debuts A Texas company is considering letting web users use a remote-controlled rifle to shoot down deer, antelope and wild pigs. For a small fee users will take control of a camera and rifle that they can use to 
3	Disney to go with Blu-ray next-gen DVD The battle for supremacy in the realm of the next-generation DVD heated up Thursday as The Walt Disney Co. announced that it will distribute its features on the Blu-ray format.
3	Veritas to buy maker of e-mail storage tools Veritas Software announced Tuesday that it plans to acquire KVault Software in a move designed to expand its e-mail storage and archiving offerings.
0	Bush to Tout U.S.-Backed Anti-Drug Efforts President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.
1	Nuggets knock Pistons Helping the poor-shooting Nuggets get well with bad defense, the Pistons fell to 1-1 on their western trip, losing, 117-109, Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.
0	EU Could Lift Arms Embargo on China by Next Year The European Union Wednesday held out the prospect of lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, possibly by next year. Washington firmly opposes 
0	Chile Police Clash With Summit Protesters A cloud of tear gas surrounds a demonstrator during clashes with Chilean police as protesters stage a rally against the upcoming APEC summit in Santiago, Chile, Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
1	Wins Tough to Find The revamped ACC is one of the top football conferences in the country. But scheduling a non-BCS conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
0	Israel Locks Down Palestinians JERUSALEM Sept. 10, 2004 - Settler leaders accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday of bringing the country to the brink of civil war with his plans to evacuate Jewish settlements.
0	Attack on Hasina gets a worried Delhi to tell Dhaka: we can help &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW DELHI, AUGUST 30: India has formally offered Bangladesh help in investigating the assassination attempt on former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina some 10 days ago, in which 20 people, including grassroots leaders of her Awami League party, and nearly 200 
2	Tractor Supply 3rd-Quarter Earnings Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Farming supply retailer Tractor Supply  Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported that its earnings fell in the  third quarter because of higher freight costs, higher costs for  steel and other commodities and a shift in sales to lower  margin hurricane-related items.
2	Automaker Invests US\$210 in Mexican Plant German-American auto maker DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it will invest US\$210 million (euro168 million) to update an assembly plant in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
1	This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 NONLEAGUE -- BC High at Bridgewater-Raynham, 4; Malden at Melrose, 6:30; Taunton at Attleboro, 7; Brockton at Barnstable, 7; Lynn Classical at Cambridge, 7; Winchester at Catholic Memorial, 7; Durfee at Falmouth, 7; Peabody at Salem, 7; Medford vs. Woburn at Burlington, 7; Malden Catholic at Revere, 7; Somerville at North Quincy, 7; Xaverian at Waltham, ...
1	Red Sox lead 2-0 over Cardinals of World Series The host Boston Red Sox scored a 6-2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals, helped by Curt Schilling #39;s pitching through pain and seeping blood, in World Series Game 2 on Sunday night.
3	Students, college face off over Wi-Fi University of Texas bans students' private Wi-Fi hot spots, saying they block access to a campus wireless network.
2	Microsoft faces new EC inquiry European Union regulators yesterday flexed their muscles by ordering an in-depth inquiry into plans by Microsoft and Time Warner to buy one of the world #39;s leading providers of anti-piracy software.
3	Google IPO Shares Surge in Market Debut Shares of Google Inc. (GOOG) surged nearly 22 percent in their market debut Thursday, the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the 6-year-old dot-com dreamed up in a college dorm room.
3	IBM seeks to ease database burden "Stinger" update of DB2 will focus on automatic administration and an improvement in clustered performance.
0	Israel has duty to protect citizens Tom Friedman, in his column  quot;Jews, Israel and America, quot; offers an unrealistic solution that is at odds with recent history and the current geopolitical environment:  quot;... One thing that Israel 
3	Sony, jockeying for better MP3 player market position, adds native &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony has long been of the mindset that they can develop media formats (ie Betamax) which are superior to ones already in the marketplace.
2	Why put this drug on the market? Merck Labs has pulled Vioxx, their arthritis drug, off the market after discovering during trials the possibility of a link to stroke or heart attack.
0	Accused acquitted of Bali bombings The man accused of harbouring two men convicted of involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings has been acquitted by Indonesia #39;s Supreme Court.
1	Sports ; England cricketers finally arrives in Zimbabwe The whole tour was thrown into question earlier this week when the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) told the team to remain in South Africa after Zimbabwe authorities barred 13 British journalists.
0	More bodies found in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
1	Juventus guilty of drug abuse ITALIAN football faced one of the biggest scandals in its scarred history yesterday, after a Turin judge found the Juventus doctor, Riccardo Agricola, guilty of administering banned drugs to some of the worlds leading players during the 1990s.
0	US children 'abandoned in Africa' Texas authorities are investigating claims that a US mother left her seven adopted children in Nigeria and went to work in Iraq.
3	Some iPaq users report trouble with Skype Skype Technologies SA introduced version 1.0 of its Internet telephony application for Pocket PCs on Thursday, but the first non-beta release of the software does not work well on all Pocket PCs, users report.
3	Computing  #39;falls short BERKELEY, Calif. (CBS.MW) -- The computing problems to be solved in the next two decades will be more exciting than those that already have been solved, according to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
3	Sapphire Hybrid X700 Pro graphics card &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Stuck between rock, hard place?
3	EBay reports  #39;intermittent #39; problems with PayPal EBay has reported that it has been having trouble with its PayPal online payment arm. The company says that it has been having technical glitches following a coding update last Thursday.
0	Gaza battle rages ISRAEL #39;S deadly offensive in northern Gaza entered its ninth day with the Government vowing to press on until Palestinian rocket fire stopped.
1	Henry rebuts critics France and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry has refuted critics of his national squad #39;s current poor run of form. Critics have wondered why the former FIFA Footballer of the Year and current top-performer in 
3	HP, Sun Lead in Worldwide Storage Systems Both HP and Sun claimed they were the worldwide leader in storage systems. Sun Microsystems announced that its Network Storage division took the leading position in UNIX disk storage systems factory revenue 
0	First EU constitution signed: World News: Rome, Oct 29 : The 25 members states of the European Union (EU) signed the bloc #39;s first constitution at a historic summit in Italy Friday, reports Xinhua.
