2	Ford Hikes Profit View,  Cuts Jaguar Jobs  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its  earnings outlook on Friday, due to strength from its financial  services sector, even as it announced the end of car production  at a Jaguar plant in Britain and its withdrawal from Formula  One racing.
0	Two blasts kill 33 in central Pakistan Two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni radicals early Thursday in Multan in central Pakistan, killing at least 33 people and injuring dozens of others, said a police officer.
0	UN says children suffering the most GENEVA -- The fighting in Iraq is ''wreaking havoc quot; on the children, all but preventing relief groups from working in the country, the UN children's agency said yesterday.
0	US, China discuss Taiwan at APEC summit; China pleased with result (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) - U.S. President George W. Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao talked about Taiwan in their face to face meeting Saturday, and Hu said he was pleased with the result.
1	PGA got it right naming Lehman Ryder Cup captain Thats my observation following the official announcement Wednesday that Tom Lehman will be the 2006 US Ryder Cup captain. It was a surprising move by the sponsoring PGA 
3	Samsung to add payment function to cell phones Samsung and Koninklijke Philips Tuesday said they are teaming up to incorporate Near-Field Communication technology in future cell-phone models from Samsung, giving users the ability to use their phones to make payments.
1	Solano provides touch of class to keep Villa upwardly mobile HAVING shown a snobbish disdain for the notion of winning ugly, Tottenham Hotspur now appear addicted to the new artform of losing pretty.
0	Baghdad Rocket Attack Kills Two U.S. Soldiers Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
1	English Premiership round-up London - Manchester City held fierce crosstown rivals Manchester United to a 0-0 draw on Sunday, keeping the Red Devils eleven points behind leaders Chelsea.
2	Pfizer Profit Up, Warns of Patent Lapses (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc.  on Wednesday said\third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of cholesterol and\arthritis drugs, but the company cautioned that 2005 results\will likely be hurt by generic competition for four other\popular medicines.
0	China Mine Blast Death Toll Rises to 66 (AP) AP - Desperate to know their loved ones' fates, grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas.
1	Miller, Maier play down talk of rivalry LAKE LOUISE, Alberta - Ken Read says the battle between Bode Miller and Hermann Maier for Alpine skiing World Cup supremacy represents one of the sporting worlds great rivalries.
3	Los Alamos to Remove Nukes Within a year, officials plan to move all weapons-grade nuclear material from Los Alamos National Laboratory to the Nevada Test Site. The transfer will begin this month.
2	Waterford House Fire Kills Officer, Family WATERFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- A Waterford Township house fire claimed the lives of a veteran police officer and his family over the weekend.
2	Congress close to renewing ban on Internet access taxes Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
3	NASA Media Teleconference: As World Turns it Drags Space and Time An international team of NASA and university researchers has found the first direct evidence of a phenomenon predicted in 1918 using Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity -- that the Earth is dragging space and time around itself as it rotates.
2	DHL scraps Brussels growth plan Courier firm DHL is ditching plans to site its international hub in Brussels at a likely cost of 1,700 jobs by 2008. Negotiations with local and federal authorities over increasing the number of night flights have failed, the firm told BBC News Online.
2	Russia set to auction oil giants prize asset MOSCOW The government on Friday set the stage for the resolution of the  quot;Yukos affair, quot; setting an auction date for the prize asset of Yukos, the country #39;s No.
0	Saudi Arabia, China agree to formal political dialogue (AFP) AFP - Saudi Arabia and China have reportedly agreed to hold regular political consultations.
2	EBay Reorganizes Senior Management SAN FRANCISCO - EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company #39;s tremendously profitable PayPal division.
1	UNDATED: third straight. Lisa Leslie recorded the third triple-double in WNBA history, finishing with 29 points, 15 rebounds and 10 blocks in Los Angeles #39; win over defending league champion Detroit.
0	U.S. Tanks Pound Rebel-Held Iraqi Town - Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. tanks pounded targets in the\rebel-held Sunni Muslim town of Falluja west of Baghdad on\Tuesday and U.S. warplanes could be seen flying overhead,\witnesses said.
1	Fernando lauds fantastic qualifying result The Spaniard will start tomorrows race from third position, and expects to run a strong race.
0	Palestinians disband feared security force Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians, says a security official, marking a step toward reforms ahead of an election to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.
2	Halliburton: Bribery May Have Taken Place  quot;Payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, quot; Halliburton says in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1	Rooney Up and Running Ninety-six days after his last competitive game Wayne Rooney was handed his Manchester United debut in tonights Champions League clash with Fenerbahce.
2	Cendant To Buy Orbitz For \$1.25 Billion SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 -- Cendant Corp. and Orbitz today reached a definitive agreement for Cendant to buy all the shares of Orbitz for \$27.
0	French Farmers Mount Fuel Blockades (AP) AP - Hundreds of angry French farmers mounted blockades around the country Monday to hold up fuel shipments in protest at soaring diesel and gasoline prices and to press their demands for government aid.
3	IBM to Open Office in Fairfax County, Creating 1,200 Jobs International Business Machines Corp. plans to open a new office in Fairfax County that will create 1,200 government contracting jobs in the county, according to sources familiar with the deal.
2	Looming changes may spark gate war at Logan The already cutthroat competition for passengers and market share at Logan International Airport is likely to get even more heated over the next several months.
2	Passenger #39;s horror tale illustrates the madness at O #39;Hare When you are flying out of Lambert Field, 66-year-old Norma J. Oermann has some simple advice. Avoid Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare airport at all cost.
0	American Combat Deaths in Iraq Hit 1,001 Guerrillas carried out a series of raids in the city of Samarra on Wednesday, stealing weapons from a police station, blowing it up, and exchanging fire with police and US troops.
1	Fan slapped with fine, five-year ban for racially abusing Yorke LONDON (AFP) - A British court slapped a 1,000-pound (1,880-dollar) fine and a five-year football ground ban on a fan for hurling monkey chants at Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
1	Lawyer IDs fan accused of throwing Palace chair whose face has become famous as police have sought for more than a week to identify him -- finally has a name. Auburn Hills police said Monday that 
2	Merck execs protected in case of takeover NEW YORK - Merck  amp; Co. Inc. has adopted a severance benefits plan aimed at protecting key managers in the event the company is taken over - a growing possibility since the withdrawal of arthritis drug Vioxx sent shares tumbling.
3	Yahoo! Goes Mobile on Nextel Yahoo! Inc. is going mobile on Nextel Communication Inc. handheld devices. A new partnership between the companies puts Yahoo! e-mail, instant messaging, games, news and more in Nextels products.
2	Thousands in asbestos rally THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
0	Indians, Independents Dominate Bolivia Election  LA PAZ, Bolivia (Reuters) - Indigenous groups and  independent candidates were poised to win local elections in  Bolivia on Sunday, while support for traditional parties sank  further after a popular revolt last year toppled former  president Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada.
0	British Meddling in U.S. Election Provokes Outrage (Reuters) Reuters - A pro-Kerry letter-writing campaign by\Britain's left-leaning Guardian newspaper, targeting undecided\U.S. voters, has provoked outrage across the Atlantic.
0	Saddam Fit and Well After Hernia Operation  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein underwent a hernia  operation at a U.S.-run hospital inside Baghdad's Green Zone  two weeks ago and has made a full recovery, a U.S. military  official said Wednesday.
3	EDS: IT upgrade caused software glitch at U.K. agency Some 40,000 computers in the U.K. Department for Work and Pensions were cut off from their network last month when an IT technician erroneously installed a software upgrade, according to EDS.
0	British Army probes woman #39;s death The British Army is investigating the death of Staff Sgt Denise Rose, the first British female soldier to die in since the campaign in Iraq began.
2	Greenspan in Focus This Week (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan\will hog the limelight in financial markets this week as\investors seek clues on how quickly U.S. interest rates will\rise as soaring oil prices start to affect economic activity.
2	Airbus Enroute to Challenge Boeing's 7E7  MUNICH (Reuters) - Plane maker Airbus got tentative  approval on Monday to market a new model to rival Boeing Co.'s  7E7 from parent firm EADS, which said a final decision was  expected next month.
3	Photo 2 of 5: Gadgets galore in old Tokyo CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
3	Dating Site Seeks Lasting Impression (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - Euro RSCG 4D executive creative director Arthur Ceria is joining OgilvyOne's San Francisco office, which opened last Tuesday to service the Yahoo! online advertising account, a new assignment, the agency said.
0	UN Declines to Train Iraqis for Saddam Trial  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations has rejected  a request from Iraqi leaders to train some 30 judges and  prosecutors who would be trying former President Saddam  Hussein, in part because Baghdad has the death penalty, a U.N.  spokesman said on Friday.
2	Astra Cancer Drug Tied to More Pneumonia (Reuters) Reuters - AstraZeneca Plc. said on Wednesday a new\study in Japan showed a higher rate of a potentially fatal side\effect in patients taking its lung cancer pill Iressa than that\demonstrated in an earlier analysis.
0	A Year After Capture, Saddam #39;s Trial Date Uncertain BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A year ago Monday, Saddam Hussein was pulled out of a spider hole in Iraq and hustled off to a secret location. Since then, the former Iraqi leader has undergone a hernia operation, taken 
2	Consortium Invests \$2.5B in NTL Assets A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group agreed Thursday to pay 1.27 billion British pounds (US\$2.5 billion; euro1.8 billion) for NTL Inc.
3	Storm-tossed counties to head back to school That #39;s what happened to Charlotte High School because of Hurricane Charley. A complex with 2,200 students, slightly bigger than Tallahassee #39;s largest high school, was demolished Aug. 13 by ferocious 
3	IBM bets on sensor unit IBM was to announce on Monday that it would invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ a thousand people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
2	OPEC Lifts Oil Quotas to Drop Crude Price  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC on Wednesday lifted oil supply  quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, in a renewed  bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
3	IBM Gets Behind Federated-Identity Standard IBM on Thursday said it has joined the Liberty Alliance, indicating that industry support is shifting toward the identity-management group #39;s standard for using a single ID and password to access Web services across organizations.
1	Murali on course to bowl doosra again London: Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralidharan will be able to bowl his controversial doosra if a recommendation from an ICC expert panel is ratified and accepted.
1	KC's Green Questionable for Sunday  KANSAS CITY, Mo., (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  quarterback Trent Green is listed as questionable for Sunday's  game against the Oakland Raiders with bruises to his ribs and  hip.
2	US Supreme Court to review cable Internet case The US Supreme Court has agreed to review an appeals court ruling that opens up cable networks to competing Internet service providers (ISPs).
1	Hockey big men go head-to-head The lockout of NHL players by the league #39;s owners moved into its eighth day today, with the stalemate expected to last for months.
3	Kazaa Owner Cheers Court's File-Swapping Decision By MIKE CORDER    SYDNEY, Australia (AP) -- The distributor of file-swapping giant Kazaa on Friday welcomed a U.S. court's ruling that two of its rivals are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works shared online by their users...
3	Locked Windows WINDOWS XP Service Pack 2 is all about security; don #39;t let anybody convince you otherwise. This is no midway step to Longhorn, Microsoft #39;s next-generation operating system that is more than three years away 
3	US top of supercomputing charts IBM's Blue Gene/L was  named the fastest supercomputer in the world on Monday, pushing Japan off the top of the list.
2	Wachovia adds to wealth-management unit Wachovia Corp. aims to increase its profile in the Northeast and Southwest by expanding its wealth-management division. The bank, based in Charlotte, said yesterday that it is buying Tanager Financial Services Inc.
3	Nobel winner in degree protest "Buckyball" pioneer Sir Harry Kroto slams a UK University's plans to close its chemistry department. 
0	Hundreds Held in Russian School; 8 Killed BELSAN, Russia - More than a dozen militants wearing suicide-bomb belts seized a southern Russian school in a region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday, taking hostage about 400 people - half of them children - and threatening to blow up the building if police storm it. As many as eight people have been reported killed, one of them a school parent...
1	BASEBALL ROUNDUP Solid Start Lifts Expos and Cools the Phillies un Woo-Kim came within an out of his first career complete game and shutout and also hit a two-run double in Montreal #39;s 8-1 victory over visiting Philadelphia last night.
0	Govt wants to slow global warming The Federal Government says it is interested in slowing global warming, even though it has not ratified the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
0	For Some Beslan Families, Hope Itself Dies Agonizingly By the families' own count, there are 122 victims of the school siege in Beslan, Russia, not yet identified or found.
3	Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say Wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said Monday.
3	CA cutting 5 percent of workforce Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
1	Chiefs top Titans in shootout NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Kansas City scored two touchdowns in the game #39;s final 32 seconds to cap a wild 49-38 victory over Tennessee last night.
1	Report: Caminiti died from overdose Preliminary results of the autopsy performed on Ken Caminiti show that the former National League MVP died of a drug overdose, a New York City police source told ESPN.
1	Gold Medallist Sprinter Faces Surgery  LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic gold medallist Jason Gardener  faces more surgery -- but this time it will be on his wrists.
0	Iraqis find three beheaded bodies BAGHDAD -- Villagers found three decapitated bodies north of Baghdad yesterday, and a car bomb killed two people at an Iraqi military checkpoint south of the capital in attacks that seem to be increasingly targeting Iraqis rather than the United States and its multinational force allies.
2	Nikkei Inches Up, Mazda Drives Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.27  percent by midsession on Tuesday as buyers went after shipping  firms with solid financial prospects while an upbeat earnings  result and outlook propelled Mazda Motor Corp. higher.
3	Germans Break Up Internet Piracy Group (AP) AP - German police have broken up an Internet piracy operation they say had peddled millions of dollars worth of bootleg films, computer games, music and software through a Web site.
3	Avoid Security Tools You Don #39;t Need The plethora of security technologies on the market is enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable IT managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed.
2	Counting the cost of Hurricane Ivan Hurricane Ivan has left a trail of destroyed homes and wrecked lives across the Caribbean and parts of the United States. Julia Botfield visited the island of Grenada for BBC Breakfast TV to see how the inhabitants 
0	Rebels spread chaos to Mosul INSURGENT fighters seized key areas of the northern city of Mosul yesterday, raiding police stations, shelling US and Iraqi soldiers and threatening Iraqs third largest city with the same disorder that provoked the assault on Fallujah.
1	Redskins Fined Over Red Socks ASHBURN, Va., Dec. 10 (AP) - Washington Redskins running back Clinton Portis and safety Sean Taylor were fined \$5,000 by the National Football League for wearing red socks in Sunday's game, a violation of the league's uniform rules.
2	HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered  expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record  revenues in every business and every region.
2	Jury Rules WTC Attacks Were Two Events; Silverstein May Recover 2x &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second of three scheduled trials to determine the amount of the recovery for the destruction of the World Trade Center #39;s twin towers ended in a victory for master lease holder Silverstein Properties, and its head Larry Silverstein.
3	Microsoft enters Google Territory with MSN Spaces In the last couple of months, we have seen Google invading the Microsoft territory with GMail and Google Desktop Search. Now Microsoft is responding.
2	Stelco Loses General Motors Steel-Supply Contract (Update1) Stelco Inc., the Canadian steelmaker that #39;s in bankruptcy protection, said it lost a contract to supply steel to General Motors Corp.
2	Nikkei Up But Caution Looms Before Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.13 percent  by midday on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among  technology firms, but gains were limited by caution ahead of a  monetary policy meeting in the United States.
2	Sprint Near Deal to Buy Nextel -Sources Sprint Corp. is close to an agreement to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for about \$35 billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No.
1	Air Force Rises Over Army Quarterback Adam Fitch runs for 115 yards and scores a touchdown to lead Air Force to a 31-22 win over Army on Saturday.
1	NASCAR team plane crashes, 10 dead A plane owned by NASCAR #39;s Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed on Sunday near a small airport in Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said.
1	Donovan decides to return to Germany New York, NY (Sports Network) - United States men #39;s national team captain and former San Jose Earthquakes midfielder Landon Donovan announced Tuesday he will return to Europe to continue his soccer career and development as a player.
2	U.S. Job Cuts at 8-Month High in Sept. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planned job cuts soared to an\eight-month high in September while new hiring rose only\slightly, a report said on Tuesday.
2	Join the CTO club In my years writing this column for CTOs, the positive e-mail Ive received often boils down to a simple message: At last, someone out there understands what Im going through professionally each day. Most CTOs dont have others in their companies who can relate to the unique demands of their work.
0	After 3 Weeks of Fighting in Najaf, 1 Riddle: Who Won? In a single moment last week, all the mystery and contradiction surrounding Moktada al-Sadr, Iraq #39;s rebel cleric, came into focus.
3	Porn Is Going Mobile Pornography may be the thing that turns cell phones into cheap, fast content-delivery systems. But porn fans want more from their mobile adult content -- and size ain't the only thing that matters. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
1	Angry Kick Puts Cubs' Farnsworth on DL (AP) AP - Chicago Cubs reliever Kyle Farnsworth took out his frustrations by kicking an electric fan. Now he's expected to miss at least three weeks. Farnsworth was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained and bruised right knee Saturday, one day after he gave up six runs in the ninth inning to the Houston Astros.
1	Jimenez aims for two in a row SPAIN #39;S Miguel Angel Jimenez leads the European Masters by one shot from overnight leader Sergio Garcia and Ryder Cup pick Luke Donald after a third round 66 today.
1	Smith stays in hot pursuit of turnover Displaying incredible hustle, Dwight Smith chased Eddie Kennison 59 yards and forced him to fumble into the end zone. By ROGER MILLS, Times Staff Writer.
3	Space race sparks new interest The race to collect the Ansari X Prize has all the makings of a good television reality show. But the competition to win the \$10 million prize is also drumming up renewed interest in space flight at a time 
3	Intel puts more money in digital home The chipmaker announces new investments in five firms working on digital home related software and hardware.
3	Finding the Right Balance Between Power and Weight Electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.
3	EU waits on Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The European Commission is likely to follow opinion in the U.S. on the merger suit.
1	Early outburst gives Gophers smooth sailing MINNEAPOLIS -- Bryan Cupito was 10 of 12 for 279 yards and a touchdown in his first start, and No. 25 Minnesota's running backs picked up where they left off last season in a 63-21 rout of Toledo last night.
3	Microsoft patent is preliminarily rejected, but company vows to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
0	Spain's Zapatero pins bombs blame on Islamists, calls for anti-terror pact (AFP) AFP - Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero blamed Islamic radicals linked to Al-Qaeda for the March 11 train bombings and called for a cross-party pact against international terrorism, while insisting Spaniards had not been "cowards" to vote for him.
3	Delete records, or profile the whole UK, says DNA print pioneer Something of a curate's egg of a lash out, this...
0	African Union Summit meeting for peace in Darfur opens in Tripoli A mini summit opened on Sunday night in Tripoli where the situation in Darfur was discussed. The Libyan leader, Muammar Qadhafi, had invited the presidents of Egypt, Chad, Sudan and Nigeria as well as the 
2	Lowe's Profit Rises, But Stock Falls  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, aided by its expansion to New York and  other big U.S. markets, but its stock fell on a disappointing  outlook and concern about profit margins.
1	Tonight on TV MISSOURI (1-0) VS. TROY STATE (1-0) When, where: Tonight, 7, at Troy, Ala. TV: ESPN2 AP ranking: Missouri is No. 19 The line: Missouri by 10 1/2 Last meeting: 2002, Missouri won, 44-7 What to watch: Missouri QB Brad Smith completed 14 of 22 passes for 233 yards, threw three TD passes and ran for a 34-yard score in a ...
0	Navy man registers as Satanist A Royal Navy non-commissioned officer from Edinburgh has become the first registered Satanist in the British Armed Forces, it has emerged.
2	Smithfield 2nd-Qtr Net Soars 61 on Higher Hog Prices (Update3) Smithfield Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest pork producer, said profit in the fiscal second quarter rose 61 percent as the company sold more hogs at higher prices.
3	EU objects to Microsoft-Time Warner ContentGuard deal BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has issued a formal set of objections to Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. taking control of ContentGuard Holdings Inc., a digital rights management (DRM) company, according to sources familiar with the case.
3	Ten Percent of Bird Species to Disappear - US Study Ten percent of all bird species are set to disappear by the end of this century -- and with them the services they provide such as cleaning up carcasses and spreading seeds, US researchers said on Monday.
2	Insurance Rates May Not Rise From Charley WEST PALM BEACH -- Hurricane Charley packed more punch than any storm not named Andrew, the Insurance Information Institute said Wednesday. 
1	Duncan, Spurs hold off Lakers Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Tim Duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs past the Los Angeles Lakers, 105-96.
3	Hurricanes, global warming and scientists: A volatile stew Pick two scientists, any two scientists with strong climatology credentials, and ask whether global warming has anything to do with the recent onslaught of hurricanes and typhoons.
0	Terrorist suspects  #39;planned huge blast in Madrid #39; Eight suspected terrorists arrested in Spain this week were planning to bomb the national court in Madrid, police said yesterday. The suicide attack on the building, a nerve 
3	Luddite &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers want flat weather, please &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Oh, and don't be mean to spamvertised sites
2	Someone must stop this deal If ever a global takeover deserves to be shot down by Ottawa, the China Minmetals senseless plan to play games of global Monopoly with Noranda Inc.
3	Indymedia Servers Returned to Rackspace October 15, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- The Web servers that were seized late last week from Web hosting provider Rackspace Managed Hosting (rackspace.
1	Cisse suffers suspected leg break Liverpool #39;s Djibril Cisse was taken to hospital with a suspected broken left leg after being stretchered off against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.
3	AT amp;T forms VoIP interop program BEDMINSTER, NJ - In a move its IP voice services forward, AT amp;T announced Tuesday (Sept. 21) that is has formed an Innovation and Interoperability Program to foster development of applications and systems for its voice-over-IP (VoIP) network.
3	China continues internet crackdown Fines worth more than \$12 million US were imposed on those establishments that allowed children to play violent or adult-only games and for other violations.
2	Bank shows profit error SunTrust Banks Inc., the seventh- largest US bank, said yesterday that it will restate results for the first and second quarters of this year because the company mistakenly inflated its reserve for loan losses.
2	Dow Near Flat; Nasdaq, S P 500 Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks rose slightly on  Thursday after a court gave a boost to Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;  and other tobacco companies, but that was offset by a drop in  McDonald's Corp. on new mad-cow worries.
2	Ryanair profits soar to record Budget airline Ryanair today announced record half-year profits, but said it remained cautious about the rest of the year. The Dublin-based carrier said profits after tax 
1	Sanders Still Out Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders is still listed as questionable for today's game in Cincinnati because of an injured left hamstring.
1	Simms is back on Bucs #39; bench Chris Simms was given a taste, just a taste of NFL regular-season play Sunday. He relieved Brad Johnson at quarterback in the second quarter of Tampa Bay #39;s 10-6 loss to Seattle.
1	Suspensions Expected in Wake of Detroit-Indiana-Fans Altercations (Auburn Hills, Mich., AP) -- The NBA isn #39;t commenting on the Pistons-Pacers brawl until it reviews what happened in the final minute of Friday night #39;s game.
1	Turnaround propels Eagles Boston College had been given an early quarterfinal boot from the Big East tournament by the University of Connecticut three weeks ago, but thanks to sophomore back Sam Brill, whose family lives about a mile and a half from BC's home soccer field, it was the Eagles who prevailed by the same score of 1-0 yesterday afternoon in the second ...
0	Russia Finds Trace Explosives on 2nd Plane (AP) AP - Russian investigators found explosive residue on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart, a security spokesman said Saturday, adding to evidence that terrorists breached security at one of the country's most up-to-date airports.
3	Stomp file sharers: MPAA, RIAA p2pnet.net News:- p2pnet.net News:- The entertainment industry - Hollywood, for short - is calling for the US Supreme Court to overturn the Grokster / Morpheus ruling that says p2p networks aren #39;t liable for alleged copyright violations committed by users 
2	Japan Shuts Citigroup Private Bank Unit  TOKYO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japan on Friday ordered  Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; to close its Japanese private banking  offices after uncovering a series of problems, including a  failure to prevent suspected money laundering.
3	Maiden flight scrubbed again for Delta 4 rocket The maiden flight of Boeing #39;s new Delta 4 heavy-lift rocket is expected to be delayed until the week of Dec. 19. Sunday, for the second day in a row, the booster #39;s planned 
2	Air Force Seeks Contract Reviews Department of Defense asked to lead review of contracts awarded by a former procurement official who has admitted giving Boeing Co. preferential treatment.
2	Lenovo to buy IBM PC arm IBM said late Tuesday that it will sell its personal computer division, transferring an iconic brand to a Chinese rival that also will absorb about 2,000 local workers.
3	Saturn Moon Titan #39;s Landscape Alien, Familiar The solar system #39;s smoggiest orb appears to have landscapes both foreign and familiar, say geologists who are sorting through the first up-close peek at Saturn #39;s planet-sized moon Titan.
1	Yankees return the favor The Yankees figure there is no sense looking backward, either at a bad loss or the team behind them in the standings. That is the way they have approached the whole week and it was the way 
3	Has TiVo Forsaken Us? Sometime in the next few months, your machine will quietly download a patch that makes it respond to a new copy-protection scheme from software maker Macrovision. By Lucas Graves from Wired magazine.
3	Intel devising chip line for consumer electronics Intel is readying a line of consumer electronics chips based on the IA-32 architecture, the design underlying the vast majority of Intel #39;s desktop, notebook and server processors, said Louis Burns, co-general manger of the Desktop Platforms Group at Intel 
1	Phaneuf wins women #39;s short program Cynthia Phaneuf of Canada won the women #39;s short program at Skate Canada with 57.76 points on Friday. Fumie Suguri of Japan shook off a fall on a triple flip to place second with 53.
0	Conference Urges Iraq To Involve Opposition Representatives of two dozen nations and international organizations attending a conference on the future of Iraq pressed the country's interim government Tuesday to work harder to encourage opposition forces to participate in elections scheduled for January.
3	Experts want more government focus on cybersecurity The Bush administration should spend more on cybersecurity research, share threat information with private-sector security vendors and set up an emergency computer network that would continue working during Internet blackouts, a computer security trade group said today.
1	England fall short at IRB awards Less than a year after walking away with the three top prizes, England have failed to receive a single nomination in any of the major categories for the annual International Rugby Board awards.
1	Jimenez ends Langers run WENTWORTH: European Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer #39;s exploits in the World Match Play Championship finally came to an end here yesterday when he lost 2 and 1 to Miguel Angel Jimenez in their quarter-final clash.
1	Cincinnati Stuns No. 21 Southern Miss (AP) AP - Gino Guidugli threw three of his school-record five touchdown passes to Hannibal Thomas on Saturday to lead Cincinnati to a 52-24 rout of No. 21 Southern Mississippi.
0	Six found guilty in Pitcairn sex offences trial Six descendants of the original mutineers on the Bounty were found guilty yesterday of 32 sexual assault offences in one of the last and remotest outposts of the British empire.
0	India lukewarm on Kashmir proposal NEW DELHI -- One day after Pakistan's president proposed a demilitarization of the violence-racked Himalayan region of Kashmir, India's response was notably lukewarm, with an official making clear the proposal should not have been made first to reporters.
0	Saboteurs blow up pipeline junction in northern Iraq Saboteurs blew up a junction where multiple oil pipelines cross the Tigris River in northern Iraq on Tuesday, sending plumes of smoke leaping into the sky, officials said.
1	Seau worried injujry could end season NEW YORK - Frustration was compounded by injury for the Dolphins as Junior Seau, Jason Taylor, Jay Fiedler, Randy McMichael and Marty Booker were among the players who had X-rays or were seen by doctors following the 41-14 loss to the Jets Monday night.
1	Fish founders late, settles for silver With Mardy Fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
3	New Sober variant spreading A new version of the Sober e-mail worm started spreading in Europe on Friday, according to antivirus vendors, which have given the worm a midlevel threat rating.
0	Top Saddam aides to go on trial from next week BAGHDAD - Saddam Husseins top henchmen will start going on trial for crimes against humanity next week, Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said yesterday, as he warned violence would increase after Iraqs landmark elections in January.
0	U.S. says UN, Africa and Sudan itself hold solution to Darfur crisis (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The key to stopping the ethnic violence in western Sudan rests not with the United States alone but with the United Nations, other African countries and Sudan itself, President George W. Bush's foreign policy advisers said Sunday.
0	Pakistani Tribesmen Fail to Secure Release of Chinese Hostages A delegation of Pakistani tribal elders has met with the leader of al-Qaida-linked militants holding two Chinese engineers hostage, but failed to secure their release.
0	U.N. Team in Sudan to Investigate Genocide Reports  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - A U.N. team has arrived in  Sudan to investigate whether genocide has occurred in the  country's Darfur region where more than 1.5 million people have  been made homeless by conflict, a U.N. spokesman said on  Monday.
2	MBNA gets OK for joint card venture The US Supreme Court on Monday opened a new business frontier for MBNA Corp. by clearing the way for the Wilmington-based credit card giant and American Express to jointly issue a credit card for the first time.
0	No military solution to Ivorian crisis: Annan OUAGADOUGOU (AFP) - UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has warned there was  quot;no military solution quot; to the crisis in troubled Ivory Coast and urged President Laurent Gbagbo to abide by internationally agreed peace accords.
1	UPDATE 1-Wenger fined for Old Trafford comments Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been fined 15,000 pounds (\$29,220) for improper conduct for comments he made after the champions #39; 2-0 defeat by Manchester United in October.
1	Special teams can #39;t handle Randle El The Pittsburgh Steelers #39; Antwaan Randle El posted back-to-back returns of 60 and 43 yards in the first half at Heinz Field. Those big plays set up 10 points 
3	Sun Changes Course, Releases First NAS Box SEPTEMBER 20, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Sun Microsystems Inc. tomorrow plans to announce several storage products, including its first network-attached storage (NAS) box and a midrange disk array that uses virtualization 
2	Over 100 will lose jobs amid MedSource sale More than 100 workers in Newton are scheduled to lose their jobs by February amid the purchase of MedSource Technologies Inc. by another medical device contract manufacturer, the new owner acknowledged yesterday.
1	Tamada steals pole position for home GP Motorsport.com. Makoto Tamada will start tomorrow #39;s Japanese GP at Motegi in pole position. The Japanese Honda rider stole pole position from fellow Bridgestone-shod rider, John Hopkins, in 
1	British Quartet Stuns US in Sprint Relay Britain took a shock gold in the men #39;s Olympic 4x100 meters relay Saturday, pipping favorite the United States by one hundredth of a second.
0	Iraq Militants Behead Turk, Iraqi -Jazeera TV (Reuters) Reuters - An Islamic militant group said it had\beheaded a Turkish contractor and his Iraqi translator in Iraq\for working with U.S. forces there, Al Jazeera television\reported on Monday.
2	S amp;P revises outlook for India #39;s currency rating Mumbai, Aug. 23. (PTI): Revising the outlook on India #39;s long-term foreign currency and local currency ratings, Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services today warned that the local currency rating could be lowered 
3	Yahoo Moving on Desktop Search; Semel Says He Will Stay Yahoo is ready to engage in combat with rival Google by offering a new desktop search tool to help people find information on their computer hard drives.
1	Defoe wants Cole at Spurs Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe wants former West Ham team-mate Joe Cole to join him at White Hart Lane. Cole, who has been a peripheral figure at Chelsea since the start of the season, is reportedly ready 
1	Alonso the pass master Spain international Xabi Alonso is a player that epitomises the type of footballer Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez wants to have at Anfield.
2	Treasuries Up as Weak Jobs Ease Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt rallied on Friday  as a weak employment report revived talk the Federal Reserve  might slow the pace of interest rate increases.
3	Apple Says ITunes Music Store Now Accepts PayPal Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now use eBay Inc.
3	Novell launches Linux Desktop for enterprise market NEW YORK, November 8 (newratings.com) - Novell Inc (NOVL.NAS) has launched a new Linux desktop operating system, Desktop 9, targeted at enterprise customers.
2	Suit Alleges Racial Bias Against Wal-Mart Wal-Mart has been sued in federal court by a man who claims the world #39;s largest retailer discriminates against blacks in 12 Southern states from seeking truck-driving jobs.
0	Briton Jailed for Arms Dealings  HARARE, Zimbabwe, Sept. 10 -- A Zimbabwean court jailed a former British special services officer for seven years Friday in a case prosecutors linked to a foiled coup attempt in the oil-rich country of Equatorial Guinea.
3	Bloggers Still Tracking Votes in Wash. (AP) AP - Washington's super-close governor's race may be hell on the candidates, but it's a special sort of heaven for political bloggers.
1	Hot Stove Truth  amp; Rumors: Dec. 17, 2004 In order for the three-way trade between the Yankees, Dodgers and Diamondbacks to go through, Shawn Green must first waive a no-trade clause and agree to land in Arizona.
1	Huskies reportedly fire Gilbertson Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The University of Washington reportedly fired head football coach Keith Gilbertson on Monday. According to KING 5 News in Seattle, Gilbertson has been dismissed and it is unclear 
0	Black Flags Are Deadly Signals as Cornered Rebels Fight Back The flags are the insurgents' answer to two-way radios, their way of massing the troops and concentrating fire on an enemy.
3	Yahoo to start Chennai operations Chennai: Internet major Yahoo Inc will own a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.
0	Flash flood in Cornwall leaves villagers missing BOSCASTLE, England Rescue workers searched this coastal village in north Cornwall on Tuesday for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of water tearing through the picturesque tourist spot the day before. 
2	Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose for the second consecutive quarter on higher sales of servers after three years of declines.
1	Aggression Pays Off for Buick Leader Funk  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - PGA Tour veteran Fred  Funk's positive approach paid dividends when he carded a  one-under-par 69 to move one stroke clear of the field after  the third round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship  Saturday.
3	US  #39;Scramjet #39; Breaks Speed Record The US space agency (NASA) says an unmanned supersonic jet Tuesday succeeded in breaking a speed record. NASA says preliminary data from its X-43A experimental aircraft shows it reached speeds 
1	R. Clemens, P HOUSTON (Ticker) -- The Houston Astros can end their postseason struggles vs. the Atlanta Braves and reach the National League Championship Series for the first time since 1980 with a win at home Sunday.
2	FCC chief considers wireless merger Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell said yesterday he #39;ll probably issue a recommendation this month on whether to approve Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
3	Intel Seen Readying New Wi-Fi Chips  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; this week is  expected to introduce a chip that adds support for a relatively  obscure version of Wi-Fi, analysts said on Monday, in a move  that could help ease congestion on wireless networks.
1	Cricket: Spotlight back on Fleming as Black Caps take charge Chittagong - The Black Caps 2004 cricket tour of Bangladesh is quickly turning into a benefit gala for Stephen Fleming. Through some significant statistics and some classy batting, Fleming has again been thrust 
2	Risks Seen for TV Chain Showing Film About Kerry This week, the 62 stations controlled by the Sinclair Broadcasting Group plan to show a documentary about John Kerry's antiwar activities 30 years ago. The film could negatively affect both Mr. Kerry and Sinclair.
2	Attendance at Theme Parks Increases Attendance at North America #39;s 50 most popular theme and amusement parks jumped almost 4 percent in 2004, the first overall increase since the 2001 terrorist attacks slowed the US travel and tourism industry.
3	Vendors announce new Web Services Specification AMD, Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems have announced the publication of Web Services Management (WS-Management), a Web services specification that addresses the cost and complexity of 
0	Boyfriend of slain backpacker relates last conversation (AFP) AFP - A British backpacker slain in Australia called her boyfriend an hour before her death and sounded happy, a court heard.
2	Solid third quarter for AT amp;T Wireless What will Cingular Wireless get after it pays \$41 billion in cash to acquire AT amp;T Wireless later this year? The answer became clearer yesterday after AT amp;T Wireless reported third-quarter financial results 
1	Capriati Hangs On to Stay in WTA Championships Race, Sharapova &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; All three seeds in action won Wednesday at the WTA stop in Philadelphia in (3) Maria  quot;Cell Phone Mannequin quot; Sharapova (d.
1	Bird says team will try to help Artest INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indiana Pacers #39; front office offered an apology and support for suspended players in the wake of stiff penalties against those involved in Friday night #39;s brawl at the end of a nationally televised game at Detroit.
2	UPS Eyes China Domestic Service  HONG KONG (Reuters) - United Parcel Service Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UPS.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the world's largest package delivery firm, said on Friday that  it is evaluating China's domestic express market but is  concerned about the country's proposed postal legislation.
1	AUSTRALIAN PGA CHAMPIONSHIP BETTING ODDS NEWS Queenslander Adam Scott is VC Bet #39;s heaviest liability ahead of this week #39;s Australian PGA Championship. Scott #39;s opening quote of 7/1 was quickly gobbled up by punters who fancy the golden boy of Aussie golf #39;s 
1	James Leads Cleveland to Top of Eastern Conference Cavaliers 103 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CLEVELAND -- LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris #39; clinching three-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97 over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night.
3	Sheep pine for absent friends: official The Cambridge University team which discovered that sheep prefer happy, smiley people has once again pushed back the envelope of ovine understanding with the revelation that sheep cheer up when they see snaps of friends and relatives.
1	A fitting finish for Lions Winning close games is an art form -- a nebulous blend of luck, talent, timing, and intangibles. But Chelmsford has it down to a science.
0	Russia Defense Minister in China Cooperation Talks Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov met Chinese military leaders in Beijing Monday to discuss cooperation between China, a fast-rising military power, and its main foreign arms and weapons-technology supplier.
1	US Open winner Kuznetsova struggles into quarterfinals at China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Against a Chinese player from nowhere, newly-crowned US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova from Russia had a narrow escape at the singles second round of the 585,000 US dollars 
3	HP Pressured to Sell PC Business After IBM Deal  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; will be  under pressure to sell its personal computer business after  IBM's decision to sell its PC operations to China's top PC  manufacturer, but analysts said the No. 2 computer maker would  hold on to its \$25 billion PC division for now.
1	Mathis gets the best of Delhomme again CHARLOTTE, NC - Kevin Mathis and Jake Delhomme were teammates together in New Orleans before going their NFL careers took turns to different destinations.
1	Ex-tennis star Tanner arrested FORMER US tennis star Roscoe Tanner has been arrested for allegedly failing to pay child support, an Orange County sheriff #39;s official said.
1	Loeb takes the slow road to first world title A cautious approach helped Frenchman Sebastien Loeb to win his first world rallying title on Sunday. Before the Rally of France, Citroen team boss Guy Frequelin 
0	Quake claims 6 lives in Indonesia A major earthquake early Friday shook eastern Indonesia #39;s Alor Island, killing at least six people and injuring 21 others, a spokesman with Indonesia #39;s Meteorological and Geophysical Agency said.
2	Prosecutors Again Raid Yukos Offices Russian prosecutors have again raided the offices of the country #39;s giant oil firm Yukos, seizing financial documents covering the past two years.
2	Tata Motors #39; Kadle Says NYSE Listing Will Help Raise Capital Tata Motors Ltd. #39;s new listing on the New York Stock Exchange will help India #39;s biggest maker of trucks and buses add investors, raise capital for acquisitions and improve its corporate 
2	US Airways, pilots say they #39;re close to a deal on cutting wages US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union said they may agree by today on a plan to cut \$295 million in wages and benefits to help the carrier avoid a second bankruptcy filing.
2	US Airways Gets Approval to Cut Pay A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
2	Andrew forecasts a loss Andrew Corp. Thursday forecast a fiscal fourth-quarter loss on lower revenue, citing rising raw materials costs and weak demand in North America as two large customers that are about to 
3	North Pole 'was once subtropical' Ice cores drilled from deep beneath the floor of the Arctic Ocean show it was once warm enough for swimming.
2	US Airways #39; troubles date to 1977 and Carter #39;s deregulation czar US Airways #39; struggle to survive began 27 years ago, with a visit from economist Alfred Kahn. This is one in an occasional series about the rise of US Airways, the 
2	Australia fund buys gas stake in Britain Challenger Financial Services Group, an Australian fund manager, said Monday that it bought a 5.8 percent stake in a British natural gas distribution network for 85 million Australian dollars, or \$65 million, to diversify its portfolio of investments.
3	Toshiba Readies 60GB Gigabeat Toshiba will launch three new versions of its Gigabeat hard drive-based portable music player starting in late November, the company says.
1	Rangers 9, Athletics 4 The Texas Rangers aren #39;t giving up on their long-shot chance in the AL West. Michael Young hit a grand slam, Mark Teixeira had a two-run double and the Rangers beat All-Star starter Mark Mulder for the second 
3	Conway: 'Genghis Khan' comment was fair In fact, Larry Ellison compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
2	Nikkei Ends Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.62 percent  by the close on Wednesday after revised figures on Japanese  economic growth, while sluggish, came in better than some had  feared and the yen edged down against the dollar.
1	Rookie suffers broken shoulder in debut IRVING, Texas -- Dallas Cowboys running back Julius Jones will miss about two months with a broken shoulder blade. Cowboys coach Bill Parcells confirmed the injury Monday during his weekly news conference.
2	The average savings expected for each household is \$310. Source &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON - Texans will be allowed to deduct state and local sales tax payments from their federal income taxes for the next two years under legislation approved Monday and sent to President Bush.
0	Indonesian Cleric Bashir's Trial Starts Oct 28  JAKARTA, Indonesia (Reuters) - The trial of Indonesian  cleric Abu Bakar Bashir over charges related to the Bali and  Marriott bombings will begin on Oct. 28, a court official said  on Monday.
1	No mistaking formula One way to compete with a team whose payroll is more than \$100 million dollars more than yours is to do all you can to make sure you're not going to beat yourself.
2	U.S. Oil Over \$54 on Winter Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices set new record highs above  \$54 a barrel for U.S. crude Tuesday, with global supplies  hounded by outages that are thwarting efforts to build winter  heating oil inventories.
2	China exports 4 million home brand mobile phones in first nine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Latest statistics from the Ministry of Information Industry show that China exported more than four million Chinese-brand mobile phones from January to September, far exceeding last year #39;s total of 2.06 million.
0	Thousands Flee Clashes in East Congo - U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations' humanitarian arm said on Friday.
0	Sudan 'plans huge Darfur attack' Sudan's government is preparing a major offensive in Darfur, says the head of the African observer team.
2	Missouri Energy Provider Buys Ill. Power Ameren Corp. said Friday it has completed its purchase of Illinois Power Co. from Dynegy Inc. of Houston for about \$500 million in cash and \$1.
1	Wade Silences Jazz Miami's Dwyane Wade sends the game into overtime with two free throws, and wins it in the extra session with a fading jumper at the buzzer to stun Utah.
3	Unisys cuts 1,400 jobs The Blue Bell, Pa.-based company said it will close some of its facilities and reduce its employee head count.
1	Cricket: Sri Lanka extend lead to 164 runs against Pakistan FAISALABAD, Pakistan : Sri Lanka extended their lead to 164 runs against Pakistan on the back of an unbeaten half century by Sanath Jayasuriya on the third day of the first Test at Iqbal stadium here.
0	Baghdad hit in two major attacks Iraqi capital Baghdad was the scene of two big attacks, which left at least 23 people dead, according to reports. A car bomb went off outside a mosque in an area called Adhamiya in the north of the city, killing 13 people.
2	Ceradyne shares surge on Army contract award NEW YORK, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Ceradyne Inc. (CRDN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of ceramic body armor, surged to an all-time high on Friday on news that the company has won a US Army contract worth up to \$461 million. 
2	YUKOS Denies Plans to Sell Refinery  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major YUKOS denied on  Wednesday reports it planned to sell its Lithuanian refinery  Mazeikiu Nafta to help cover its huge back tax bill.
0	Six killed after vessel crashes into breakwater SAPPORO (Kyodo) Six crew members of a South Korean cargo ship were killed and one was missing Saturday after their vessel crashed into a breakwater in Ishikari Bay, Hokkaido.
2	WTO backs Antigua, rules US online gaming ban is illegal Antigua and Barbuda, the Caribbean island nation, won a World Trade Organization ruling that US legislation criminalizing online betting violates global laws.
1	Mets give up six in first, can #39;t struggle back SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Noah Lowry has pitched so well that Felipe Alou now counts on the rookie to win every time out -- a standard the San Francisco skipper held only for ace Jason Schmidt in the past. 
1	Button decision delayed Formula One #39;s Contract Recognition Board met but decided to adjourn the BAR versus Williams dispute over Jenson Button on Wednesday.
1	Facet of KC offense was a bit run down It was another record-setting day for the Kansas City Chiefs' offense last night, but New England proved it could get by with focusing primarily on stopping the run.
0	Troubled Mitsubishi Motors denies reported tie-up with PSA Peugeot (AFP) AFP - Scandal-hit Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors denied reports that it was negotiating a business link with PSA Peugeot Citroen Group of France.
2	Int #39;l Paper to Sell Woodlands for \$250M PORTLAND, Maine - International Paper Co., the world #39;s largest forest products company, has agreed to sell all of the 1.1 million acres of woodlands it owns in Maine and New Hampshire to GMO Renewable Resources LLC for \$250 million.
1	Rogge: IOC accepts human error not manipulation in judging International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge said here on Saturday that they accept thehuman error in judging or refereeing but never tolerate any manipulation.
0	Three UN workers taken hostage in Kabul are freed They were released a while back this morning, said a government official, who did not want to be identified, adding that he had no more details.
0	Israel Arrests Nuke Whistleblower Vanunu for 'Leak' (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli police arrested nuclear\whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu on Thursday on suspicion of\spilling more state secrets seven months after he completed an\18-year prison term for treason.
3	Building a Linux PVR, Part 2 In this second part of our personal, home-made PC-based PVR solution, Anandtech focuses on Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center.
1	Ireland beats South Africa Ireland beat South Africa 17-12 Saturday for its first victory over the Springboks since 1965. Flyhalf Ronan O #39;Gara scored all the points at Lansdowne Road - the site of the last Ireland victory over the Springboks.
3	Laptop Usage Can Lead to Low Sperm Count and Infertility Laptop Usage Can Lead to Low Sperm Count and Infertility\\Laptops may be one of the most useful inventions in the world, even more useful than TiVo and Jiffy Pop. However, a quite frightening study was released yesterday that linked laptop usage to infertility in males. The study, released by the ...
3	Cosmic explosions could precede supernovae A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
0	Arafats health said to be deteriorating ISN SECURITY WATCH (04/11/2004) - There were conflicting reports of Palestinian President Yasser Arafats health on Thursday, as various sources claimed that he had slipped into a coma or was being anesthetized after having lost consciousness three 
0	UN nuclear watchdog hails Tripoli UN inspectors praise Libya for its co-operation in revealing details of its dismantled atomic weapons programme.
1	Japanese stars beat Clemens Roger Clemens didn #39;t look like a pitcher who is about to retire. Pitching on just a few hours sleep, Clemens held the Japanese all-stars to three runs on eight hits over 5 2-3 innings Wednesday 
0	Sharon Optimistic About Peace Prospects While Violence Continues &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has sounded a note of optimism about peace prospects in the coming year provided Palestinians stop violence against Israel.
0	Japan crush India while South Korea and China struggle (AFP) AFP - Newly-crowned Asian champions Japan stayed on course for the 2006 World Cup in convincing fashion while 10-man South Korea as well as China were made to struggle in qualifying matches.
3	Bill Gates: A model for the future LOS ANGELES, California (Hollywood Reporter) -- Bill Gates predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant.
3	PeopleSoft, Oracle: Like Red Sox vs. Yankees? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A great deal of speculation has surrounded Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) 18-month attempt to acquire PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT).
3	XML security device unveiled Web-services security company releases appliance designed to authenticate access into business networks.
2	SBC Offers DSL Customers \$2 Wi-Fi Service SBC is planning to offer a Wi-Fi service that will enable subscribers to receive high-speed wireless access to the Internet at 3,900 airports, hotels, restaurants and other so-called  quot;hot spots quot; across the country.
2	Airlines remain as rivals AIR New Zealand #39;s future is uncertain after the country #39;s High Court yesterday ended the long awaited nuptials with Qantas.
0	For Long Beach Locals, the Season to Reclaim the Sand Local residents of Long Beach, N.Y., are reclaiming their chip of paradise after being thwarted all summer by the crowds.
2	Forgeard becomes French co-chief at EADS Nol Forgeard #39;s move to European Aeronautic Defence  amp; Space company leaves shareholders needing to appoint quickly a chief at Airbus to avoid destabilising its management, analysts warned.
0	Violence continues unabated in Iraq US warplanes bombarded Fallujah Wednesday as fighting continued intermittently in a Baghdad neighborhood between US forces and Shiite gunmen.
2	Tokyo Stocks Lower Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent by midday on Thursday with losses in shippers, steel makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in select small-cap 
3	Free E-Mail Inboxes Get Fatter Scores of Hotmail users received a pleasant surprise in their inboxes this week: more free storage. The move comes as Google inches closer to making its Gmail service, which includes a gigabyte of storage, available to the general public. By Joanna Glasner.
0	Explosion in southern Italy kills eight, gas leak possible cause An explosion leveled a two-story apartment building in southern Italy early Saturday, killing eight residents and injuring six others, and firefighters were investigating whether a gas leak was to blame.
3	Napster creator reveals next step Napster creator Shawn Fanning introduces a new licensed file-sharing service with unlimited choice of tracks.
1	Owen wants more action Madrid - Michael Owen said on Friday he might be forced to reconsider his future with Real Madrid if his situation at the club doesn #39;t improve by the end of the year.
1	Non-Chase drivers tops at Talladega Joe Nemechek is 24th in the Nextel Cup standings, his championship chances long sunk. He realizes there #39;s only one way to get any recognition for his team and his sponsor, US Army: the old-fashioned way.
0	Commandos Storm Russian Siege School As Children Flee Russian special forces stormed a school Friday ending a three-day hostage crisis and freeing hundreds of children, parents and teachers held without 
1	Tour to Honor U.S. Women's Soccer Team (AP) AP - A 10-city farewell tour for longtime U.S. soccer stars Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy and Joy Fawcett will kick off Sept. 25 in Rochester.
2	Marsh Stock Jumps on Talk of CEO Change Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. shares were whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in the insurance broker #39;s top management was imminent.
0	With its cellphones, 3d World shrinking IQUITOS, Peru -- A few miles downriver from this city in the western Amazon jungle, Andres Alvarado hops off a boat and walks up a muddy path to a hollowed-out log resting on a wooden stand. He beats the log with a stick, sending a series of low-pitched tones into the rain forest.
1	Pacers' Artest Back in the Lineup  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward Ron  Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday's game versus  Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
1	Arizona St. Upsets No. 16 Iowa 44-7 (AP) AP - Andrew Walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead Arizona State to a surprisingly easy 44-7 victory over No. 16 Iowa on Saturday night.
0	Investors to Weigh Sell-Off, Earnings NEW YORK - Investors on Thursday will weigh the sharp retraction in stocks the day before as well as fears that the corporate profit picture is deteriorating.    Dow Jones futures fell 4 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were down 3 points and S P futures dropped 0.20 points...
2	Lacy: Sears Sales Show Holiday Surprise Christmas came early for some retailers: While Wal-Mart Stores (nyse: WMT - news - people ) and Limited Brands (nyse: LTD - news - people ) were having a slow start to the holidays, Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
3	CACI US Operations President to Retire CACI International Inc. on Thursday said US domestic operations president L. Kenneth Johnson will retire from the company effective Nov. 1, and backed its previous earnings guidance, saying it is on course to meet operating goals.
1	NBA #39;s Fizer suspended one game after weapons guilty plea Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer was suspended one game 
1	Sports: Broncos 20 Panthers 17 DENVER Denver #39;s long line of stellar running backs continues. Backup Reuben Droughns (drohns), filling in for injured Quentin Griffin, ran for 193 yards on 30 carries as the Broncos held off Carolina 20-to-17.
0	Bush to give Supreme Court ultra-conservative edge (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush's election victory has won him the right to give the US Supreme Court, which plays a key social role, a much stronger conservative leaning.
1	Kumble, Kartik check Australia after Indian batting collapse: Sports India, Cricket: Mumbai, Nov 4 : Spinners Anil Kumble and Murli Kartik Thursday bowled well to restrict Australia #39;s first innings to 203, a lead of 99, and make up for another Indian batting collapse on the second day of the fourth and final 
2	Five eye Sicilian bridge contract Five groups will compete for a contract to build a long-awaited bridge linking Sicily with mainland Italy, reports from Italy say.
0	Erdogan and Gul Sign EU Constitution The signature ceremony for the European Constitution agreement and a final bill have been completed. Host country Italy #39;s Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, made a speech at the ceremony saying that October 
1	Mets Going with Randolph FLUSHING, NY, (Sports Network) - The New York Mets are bringing Willie Randolph across town from the Bronx to be their 18th manager.
1	New York Mets Team Report - August 22 (Sports Network) - Matt Ginter will get the start for an injured Victor Zambrano this afternoon when the New York Mets conclude their three-game series with the San Francisco Giants at SBC Park.
1	Sri Lanka made an unimpressive entry into ICC Champions Trophy Sri Lanka made an unimpressive entry into the Champions Trophy as they overcame a magnificent Zimbabwe side by four wickets at The Oval.
2	Kerkorian and MGM, Off Again On Monday, Kirk Kerkorian sold Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for the third time. As a Hollywood reconciliation story, that means Kerkorian has bought and sold the venerable movie studio more times than Elizabeth Taylor married Richard Burton.
0	EU considers sanctions against Sudan afrol News, 13 September - Foreign Ministers of the European Union (EU) today decided to investigate whether the situation in Sudan #39;s Darfur provinces should be termed  quot;genocide quot;.
3	Studios Support Toshiba's DVD Format (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - It is a race that echoes the Beta versus VHS format competition of the 1980s. Only this time the technology is high-definition DVDs, and the stakes are even higher.
3	Does the palmOne Treo 650 Replace Treo 600? Not Exactly. palmOne gets a little upset when people call the Treo 650 just an  quot;evolution quot; of the Treo 600. They insist that it is indeed a step up the ladder and not just a leg lift towards that next step.
3	IBM in Voice Services Deal with Lloyds The deal includes almost 70,000 VoIP telephones and will reduce Lloyds #39; network costs, IBM said. The announcement comes on the heels of reports that IBM is exiting the personal computer business.
0	Gaza Gunmen Kidnap Senior Palestinian Official  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh  challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule amid a wave of  unrest.
1	Bryant struggles but Lakers still beat Kings 105-80 (AFP) AFP - Caron Butler scored 18 points as the Los Angeles Lakers rallied for a 105-80 NBA exhibition win over road-weary Sacramento, who were playing their first game since returning from China.
1	Lions end record 24-game road losing streak vs. Bears Bracy Walker got one of the game balls and rightfully so. Needing intravenous fluids to fight off dehydration, Walker rescued the Detroit Lions from the NFL #39;s longest road losing streak Sunday.
3	Doctors graft new jaw on man #39;s back Doctors in Germany have rebuilt a man #39;s face after growing a new jaw on his back, it has been revealed. By the fourth week after receiving the pioneering transplant, the patient was able to enjoy his first solid meal for nine years.
0	Germany Acquits Carlos the Jackal Aide BERLIN Aug. 23, 2004 - A German court on Monday, citing insufficient evidence, acquitted an imprisoned aide of the terrorist Carlos the Jackal of involvement in a deadly series of bombings in France in the early 1980s.
2	DirecTV Reorganizes Latin American Satellite Business (Update4) Rupert Murdoch #39;s DirecTV Group Inc. will pay \$579 million to consolidate its Latin American operations with other Murdoch-controlled satellite-television businesses in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia and Chile.
0	Kidnappers threaten to turn over CARE chief to Zarqawi #39;s group Baghdad, Nov 03 - The kidnappers of aid worker Margaret Hassan threatened to turn her over to al-Qaida-linked militants notorious for beheading hostages unless Britain agreed within 48 hours to pull its troops from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television reported.
1	SOUNESS READY TO TEST TITUS Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has challenged Titus Bramble to grow up fast to make himself an international defender. The much-maligned 23-year-old turned in a rock-solid display in the Magpies #39; 4-0 UEFA 
2	Merck sets up new Vioxx review Drugmaker Merck has set up an independent committee to review the firm #39;s actions prior to the withdrawal of its painkiller Vioxx from the market in September.
1	When the going gets tough... Soccernet #39;s Insider has spent a couple of years lavishing praise on the genius who goes by the name of Thierry Henry, yet the time has come to put some perspective on his achievements.
0	U.S. Had Stormy Relationship With Arafat (AP) AP - More than two years ago President Bush cut off all U.S. contact with Yasser Arafat as a failed and corrupt leader. But Bush did not retract his pledge to help the Palestinians achieve statehood.
2	Hollinger Chronicles: tale of corporate plunder A new expression has entered the Scandal lexicon in the last week. The hard-hitting internal report from Hollinger International referring to the way that Conrad Black allegedly ran the company described it as being a corporate kleptocracy.
3	'Incredibles' Shows Pixar's Super Powers The debut of "The Incredibles" highlights the tech wizardry behind animated films and further validates the computer-animation prowess of Pixar Animation Studios, although the competition is growing in strength. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	UN Security Council to Meet in Nairobi on Sudan The United Nations Security Council is traveling to Nairobi, Kenya, for a special two-day meeting on the conflicts in Sudan. The Security Council meetings on Thursday and Friday are intended to put pressure 
2	Mortgage Applications Off in Oct. 22 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased  from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
1	Despite Rout, Auburn Remains 3rd Wheel Auburn gained a measure of respect in the eyes of Associated Press pollsters for its 24-6 rout of Georgia on Saturday, but it wasn #39;t enough to vault the Tigers ahead of Oklahoma for second in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
2	UPDATE 2-Lehman Brothers profit up 22 pct, shares rise US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit rose 22 percent on continued strength from fixed-income 
3	Microsoft Sets 2006 Target for Next Windows Version (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O) said on Friday\it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but  scaled\back plans to include a new system for finding and storing\information in its flagship operating system.
1	Virginia 78, No. 10 Arizona 60 Just two games into his college career, Sean Singletary has helped Virginia beat the nation #39;s No. 10 team and created a buzz at University Hall.
1	Ravens #39; Battle Plans for Chiefs Once again, Ravens Insider staffer Dev Panchwagh breaks down the upcoming Ravens game. Thos week: how to defeat the Chiefs on Monday night.
2	Update 4: Ex-Enron Treasurer to Testify at Trial A former Merrill Lynch executive pointed to a verbal buyout agreement with Enron Corp. in saying he might support an  quot;unsecured deal quot; with another company, according to an e-mail presented to jurors in an ongoing conspiracy and fraud trial.
0	Britain to Charge Cleric Risking a showdown with American prosecutors, the British authorities are planning to bring terrorism charges next week against an Egyptian-born 
1	Jaguars Sever Ties with Hugh Douglas  Jacksonville, Fla. (Sports Network) - The Jacksonville  Jaguars cut another defensive end, this time releasing veteran  Hugh Douglas on Monday.
3	IT Heavyweights Drive New Web-Services Spec AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems have joined forces on Web Services Management, a new specification that promises to simplify systems management.
3	Once Red, 'Mr. Green' Is a Hero Anywhere but at Home Mikhail S. Gorbachev has decided to devote his post-presidential years to campaigning for the protection of the environment.
3	Saturn probe may reveal key to life A space probe headed for Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, is nearing the end of its two billion mile journey, reports Nic Fleming.
1	Sprained ankle hampers Sheffield New York Yankees right fielder Gary Sheffield is listed as day to day after spraining his left ankle in the ninth inning Saturday night in Toronto. Sheffield, hitting .297 with 33 homers and 98 RBIs, hobbled off the field after jamming the ankle on third base. X-rays were negative. Although Sheffield said he could have played, Yankees manager Joe Torre ...
1	Austrians, Italian prevail in slalom BEAVER CREEK - Most individuals wouldn #39;t be able to turn a steering wheel 63 times in less than a minute. Try it on skis. Some racers in Sunday #39;s Birds of Prey slalom didn #39;t even make it through the first 
0	Romania votes in close elections Romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex-communists and a strong opposition alliance.
3	Rocket Wins  #36;10M Prize for Trip to Space (AP) AP - A stout, star-spangled rocket plane broke through the Earth's atmosphere to the edge of space Monday for the second time in five days, capturing a  #36;10 million prize aimed at opening the final frontier to tourists.
2	VoIP Gets A Boost From The FCC The Federal Communications Commission voted to bar state regulators from exercising key jurisdiction over VoIP. By W. David Gardner.
3	IBM tightening Eclipse, Java, Linux links IBM on Thursday will announce the release of a free tools bundle for Eclipse to make it easier to deploy Java applications on Linux.
2	All 50 States Post Personal Income Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. personal incomes rose 1.5  percent in the second quarter of 2004, the fastest pace of  growth in more than three years as income gains sped up in 33  states, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
0	Late Field Goal Keeps Jets Perfect Doug Brien kicked a 38-yard field goal with 58 seconds remaining to lift the Jets to a victory and move them to 4-0 for the second time in franchise history.
0	Report: Israeli Tank Opens Fire on 3 Egyptian Troops (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli tank opened fire on three\Egyptian troops Thursday on the sensitive border between the\two countries, mistaking them for Palestinian militants on the\way to carry out an attack, Israel Radio said.
1	Yankees Holding Out Hope That Hernndez Can Help Orlando Hernndez played catch for eight minutes yesterday, and his right arm was still attached to its socket. That was about all the Yankees needed to see to include Hernndez on their postseason roster, at the expense of Jason Giambi.
1	Pacers #39; O #39;Neal Sidelined by Foot Injury Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle said yesterday that O #39;Neal probably would miss the remaining five games to rest a strained ligament in his left foot.
3	Moon, Jupiter, Venus are dancing at dawn By Alan M. MacRobert, Globe Correspondent  November 6, 2004. In this darkening season, lots of people start the day before sunrise.
3	Microsoft's Improved Media Center Still Falls Short (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft's Media Center edition of Windows XP -- a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room -- has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while. All the money Microsoft has thrown into promoting Media Center has yet to lend it any momentum in the market.
2	Philips sells stake in Vivendi Philips Electronics, Europe #39;s largest maker of CD players, said Thursday that it had sold its 3 percent stake in Vivendi Universal, owner of the world #39;s biggest music company.
0	UN Challenges Israel on UNRWA Terror Link Claims Israel is holding 25 UN employees in the Palestinian West Bank or Gaza but has not charged any with a crime or even told the United Nations of their detention, UN officials said on Wednesday.
3	Brazil Successfully Launches Its First Rocket To Space thatshortkid writes  quot;The Washington Times is reporting on Brazil #39;s first successful space launch. Since it is closer to the equator, the task of getting up to space is easier, meaning much more cargo room over fuel.
0	Chen Shui-bian #39;s call for talks discredited Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian was accused Sunday of playing word games in his  quot;national day quot; speech. Mainland researchers described his call for cross-Straits peace talks as  quot;more symbolic than substantial.
2	Dexia, Sanpaolo IMI confirm talks LONDON (CBS.MW) -- French-Belgian bank Dexia and Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI both confirmed a report on Thursday that they were in talks that could lead to the creation of the eurozone #39;s fourth largest bank.
2	Stocks Open Up After Poor Jobs Report Stocks bobbed higher Monday morning after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
0	Head of charity urges release of Iraqi director Hours after a kidnapped humanitarian aid worker tearfully pleaded for her life in a video released Friday by her captors, the head of CARE International urged the kidnappers to release Margaret Hassan unharmed.
0	Shipman report demands GMC reform The General Medical Council is doing too little to protect patients, the latest report from the Shipman Inquiry has said.
0	Pakistan reports no sign of bin Laden, denies CIA bases ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistan said yesterday that there was no evidence Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country, and denied it allowed CIA agents to set up bases along the border to search for the Al Qaeda leader.
3	Love DRM or my family starves: why Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t Get It Last Sunday Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer kicked off this week #39;s European tour by sitting down with a small group* of British journalists and dispensing pearls of wisdom, notably on the future of Apple in home networking (it has none, natch, says Steve).
2	Finance: Back to Savings Bonds  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In personal finance, boring is not  bad. Sometimes boring is good.
0	Loud Explosions Echo Through Iraqi Capital (AP) AP - Loud explosions echoed through the Iraqi capital Tuesday morning as a number of mortar rounds landed near government offices, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. There was no immediate word on casualties.
1	Nationally ranked trio rules Pac-10 The Pac-10 midseason report this year will suffer from a case of premature analyzation, considering that at the end of this coming weekend, only one team will remain unblemished and alone atop the conference.
3	Vonage hangs up on some callers VoIP company suffers "delays," the second glitch in two weeks. Those affected are told to reboot their adaptors.
2	US Air Locked in Down-to-Wire Talks on Cuts With Its Pilots US Airways was locked in tough bargaining on wage and benefit cuts with its pilots union, whose backing is critical for the struggling airline to avoid another bankruptcy filing.
0	Canada condemns Sinai resort bombings (AFP) AFP - Canada condemned the deadly bombings of Egyptian resorts frequented by Israeli tourists, saying the attack was aimed at hurting cooperation between Egypt and Israel.
1	NBA Today (AP) AP - Detroit at Los Angeles Clippers (10:30 p.m. EST). The defending NBA champs visit Elton Brand and the Clippers.
3	Verizon, Comcast execs slam regulation OCTOBER 12, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Cable met telecommunications yesterday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
0	China Executes Man for Killing Rapists (Reuters) Reuters - China has executed a 25-year-old\university dropout for killing six men, four of whom had raped\him after getting him drunk, the Beijing Youth Daily said on\Sunday.
0	Strong quakes rattle Japan A series of powerful earthquakes rocked northwestern Japan within minutes of each other on Saturday leaving 13 dead and over 700 injured.
1	Winter Break Starts With Bayern Ahead Only in the game #39;s final seconds was Bayern Munich able to secure its place at the top of the Bundesliga table. The Bavarians tied 2-2 at home against Stuttgart in the last game before the winter break.
2	EU fines 7 firms for price-fixing BRUSSELS Outokumpu, IMI and five other companies were fined a total of E222.3 million on Friday by the European Commission for fixing the prices of copper tubing used in household plumbing.
1	U.S. Soccer Team Playing With Confidence (AP) AP - They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. And, for the U.S. men's soccer team, that's good  #151; very good.
2	Stronger provisions NEWS Corporation has agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approve the company #39;s proposal to shift to the US.
0	Iraq's Forbidding 'Triangle of Death' As the offensive against Fallujah ends, U.S. military commanders have begun turning their attention to other restive regions of Iraq, where an insurgency in Sunni Muslim-dominated areas has proved resilient, possibly endangering nationwide elections scheduled for Jan. 30.
2	Stocks post small gains as investors await earnings NEW YORK Stocks drifted higher yesterday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
3	Judge rejects AMD plea for confidential Intel documents A US judge has ruled that Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is not entitled to trial documents that the company said might help it prove its European Commission antitrust complaint against Intel.
3	Sony Cautious on Home Electronics Profit  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp. does not expect a  sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics  business during the crucial October to December quarter, citing  high costs to develop flat-panel televisions and a shrinking  market for home audio goods.
0	Schools shut in southern Thailand Fears that Buddhist schools in southern Thailand may be targeted by Islamic separatists have led some to shut. Education Minister Adisai Bodharamik said he had warned Buddhist teachers in the mainly Muslim 
3	Gnome 2.8 Desktop released A NEW version of the open Sauce desktop Gnome is on the net for Linux users to play with. Gnome 2.8 includes Evolution 2.0, the open-source e-mail and groupware client that looks like Microsoft Outlook if 
1	Criminal charges anticipated in fatal traffic collision ADA, Okla. -- A hit-and-run driver allegedly involved in a traffic collision that killed an East Central University football player from Texas surrendered to authorities Monday and will face murder charges 
2	Cognos buys Sweden #39;s Frango for US\$52.2M Ottawa #39;s Cognos Inc. announced a US\$52.2-million deal on Tuesday to acquire a Swedish maker of financial reporting software. Cognos said it will acquire Stockholm 
1	McDyess plans to face the Knicks Despite spending more than a year-and-a-half as a Knick, McDyess managed played only 18 games last season after sitting out the entire 2002-03 season with knee injuries.
1	Immediate upside for Yankees If the Randy Johnson deal gets done, the Yankees will have the best rotation in the American League - if it gets done. The Yankees continued discussions yesterday with Arizona and Los Angeles 
3	Salesforce.com expands call center support NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
2	College-savings plan will gain flexibility The tax-sheltered plan, cited as one of the nation #39;s worst by researcher Morningstar Inc., could feature mutual funds from Fidelity Investments by early 2005, and more flexible account options are on the way.
1	Zee to file petition in SC Zee Telefilms is expected to file a petition in the Supreme Court today against the Board of Control for Cricket in India #39;s (BCCI) decision to cancel a tender awarded to it to telecast Indian cricket team #39;s matches over the next four years.
1	Italy ends inspired Iraqi run THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Iraq's surprising Olympic soccer run came up short with a 1-0 loss to Italy in a bronze medal game that couldn't escape reminders of violence in the war-torn country.
1	Valencia 0-2 Werder Bremen: FT Report VALENCIA, December 7 (Champions League) - Werder Bremen saw off Valencia to qualify for the knockout phase of the Champions League and condemn their hosts to UEFA Cup football.
0	Sarkozy to take over Chirac party French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy is due to be made head of President Chirac's governing party.
1	Radcliffe decides to race in NYC Marathon Paula Radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the Athens Olympics: race again. She will do that Nov. 7 in the New York City Marathon, less than three months 
0	Israeli forces detain senior Hamas militant Israeli forces detained a senior leader of Hamas #39;s military wing in the West Bank today during a night-time raid on his hideout, witnesses said.
0	Pro-Maoist union vows to shut 30 companies in Nepal (AFP) AFP - A pro-Maoist trade union in Nepal vowed to force the closure of 35 companies after shutting down 12 last month, the latest pressure tactic in the rebels' attempts to topple the constitutional monarchy.
2	Update 6: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
2	Wal-Mart Launches Rare Newspaper Advertising Blitz Wal-Mart Stores Inc., hurt by sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the United States focusing on its price cuts.
2	Audit Confirms Chvez Victory in Recall An audit of Venezuela #39;s recall referendum has confirmed that President Hugo Chvez won fairly and found no evidence to support fraud charges, observers and electoral council officials said Saturday.
1	Kite Maintains One-Stroke Lead at Schwab (AP) AP - While Tom Kite did more with less raw talent than just about anybody during his PGA Tour days, Morris Hatalsky acknowledges he probably could have done more with his natural gifts.
1	Sox don't underestimate challenge An emotional letdown? For the first World Series in Boston in 18 years? Ask the Red Sox if they might take the Cardinals lightly tonight in Game 1 of the 100th World Series, and they look at you like they did when they first laid eyes on Pedro Martinez's 29-inch-tall actor pal, Nelson de la Rosa.
0	Iraq Promises to Release Woman Prisoner Iraq promised today to release one of two high-profile women prisoners, but officials denied the decision was linked to demands by militants.
2	Browsing for Stocks Holiday shopping on Amazon? Try looking for stocks at the same time. If you don't, you're missing a golden opportunity.
2	More data requested on Vioxx successor Merck  amp; Co., which withdrew the Vioxx painkiller last month because of a heart risk, said yesterday that US regulators have asked for more safety data before they will approve the medicine #39;s successor, Arcoxia.
0	Typhoon-Like Gusts Hit Japan; 13 Injured TOKYO - Gale-force winds pounded eastern Japan early Sunday, knocking out power to homes, stirring coastal waves that caused a tanker ship to run aground and injuring at least 13 people.
3	New Netscape Browser Supports Internet Explorer Preview version seeks best of both worlds, is based on Firefox.
1	Earnhardt wins extended race in Phoenix AVONDALE, Arizona (Ticker) -- Amid darkness, rain and a series of late crashes, Dale Earnhardt Jr. recorded an overtime victory in Sunday #39;s NASCAR Nextel Cup Checker Auto Parts 500.
3	Auto seat-headrest assemblies rated Swedish automakers build some of the safest seat-headrest assemblies in the world, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said Monday.
0	UK #39;s Blair Says Weapons Report Shows Iraq Breached UN Rules UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said a US report on Iraqi arms programs shows Saddam Hussein was working to acquire banned weapons in breach of United Nations resolutions, justifying the 2003 war to depose him.
3	Search Engines and Competitive Research Search engines can tell you a lot about your competition, if you know what to look for. A panel of experts offers tips on profiling your competition.
0	Sudan: Foreign Troops Run Gauntlet of Government Displeasure Television footage aired over the weekend showed a group of Rwandan soldiers dancing and clapping their hands. With AK-47 assault rifles firmly strapped across their shoulders, the 150 troops sported green berets adorned with African Union badges as they ...
0	100 Cyclists Are Arrested as Thousands Ride in Protest Thousands of cyclists rode through the streets of Manhattan in a Republican-bashing, environment-promoting display of bike power that resulted in more than 100 arrests.
1	Gators get booted KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- James Wilhoit kicked a 50-yard field goal with six seconds to go to lift No. 13 Tennessee to a wild 30-28 victory over 11th-ranked Florida last night.
0	Powell spoke to Singh, Kasuri ahead of talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday said he had spoken to both Indian Foreign Minister K Natwar Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Khurshid Mahmud Kasuri late last week before the two met in New Delhi this week for talks.
3	BEST OF ECT NEWS Bitter Apple Replay? It #39;s ironic that in this moment of triumph for Apple CEO Steve Jobs, the greatest challenge yet to Apple #39;s online music dominance is emerging.
1	Raising Canes in ACC title chase CHARLOTTESVILLE - The Miami football team isn #39;t out of the race for the Atlantic Coast Conference title yet. Running back Frank Gore had 28 carries for 195 yards, and quarterback Brock Berlin completed 18 
2	WHO Urges ASEAN to Curb Tobacco Trade The World Health Organization is urging Southeast Asian nations to strengthen curbs on tobacco trade. Shigeru Omi, the WHO regional director for the Western Pacific, told a conference of the Association of 
1	US expects tough test in El Salvador The US men #39;s national soccer team, holding a slim lead atop the CONCACAF region #39;s Group 1, faces a tricky test today as it meets an El Salvador team battling to stay alive.
2	Tesco drops Dairy Crest Shares in dairy giant Dairy Crest Group have fallen more than 18 percent after supermarket chain Tesco said it no longer wants its fresh milk.
2	Back to basics to save bank JOHN Stewart, Michael Ullmer and Ahmed Fahour have devised a simple plan to restore the fortunes of National Australia Bank - they are returning to an updated version of the management systems used by former chief executive Don Argus in the first half of 
3	AMD Big Gainer in 3rd-Quarter Microchip Sales-IDC  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; captured nearly 10 percent of computer microchip market  revenue in the third quarter, the highest level in nearly three  years, market research firm IDC said on Tuesday.
2	Lowe's Reports 18 Pct. Hike in Profits  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 2  home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18 percent  increase in second-quarter profit and said earnings for the  rest of the year would top current estimates.
3	Microsoft touts 'Sender ID' to fight spam, scams Proposed tech standard would verify senders' IP addresses to cut malicious phishing and annoying Viagra pitches.
1	UPDATE 1-Birmingham #39;s Savage banned for three games by FA Birmingham City midfielder Robbie Savage has accepted a three-match ban after being charged by the Football Association (FA) on Monday with violent conduct for an alleged elbowing incident in a match at the weekend.
0	Egyptian firm imposes blackout on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - Egypt's telecom group Orascom said it was imposing a news blackout to ensure the safety of two kidnapped engineers held hostage in Iraq.
1	Tiger Attacks 14-Year Old Boy, Handler At Fair ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. -- A 14-year old boy and a tiger handler are recovering after being attacked by a 350-pound Siberian tiger at a county fair in Florida.
1	Broncos Beat Colts, Earn Wild-Card Spot (AP) AP - The Denver Broncos took care of the Indianapolis 'B' team and earned the right to face Peyton Manning and the real Colts next week in the playoffs. Jake Plummer threw for 246 yards and two touchdowns Sunday to lift the Broncos to a 33-14 victory over the watered-down Colts and qualify for the AFC's final wild-card spot.
1	Wasteful Valencia held to draw Wasteful Valencia had to settle for a 1-1 draw away to Real Betis on Saturday, while Atletico Madrid missed a chance to move into the Spanish leaguie #39;s top three when they were beaten 1-0 away to Real Sociedad.
0	Australia hopes to sign new security pact with Indonesia TONY EASTLEY: On the eve of the Prime Minister #39;s visit to Indonesia to attend the inauguration of the country #39;s new President, Australia is signaling its interest in signing a new Security Pact with Indonesia.
2	Wedgwood close to Doulton takeover SIR ANTHONY OREILLY is considering a 40 million takeover of Royal Doulton in an attempt to improve the performance of Waterford Wedgwood, which he chairs.
2	Symbol Tech to Delay Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Symbol Technologies &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBL.N&lt;/A&gt;, a bar  code scanner and handheld computer maker, said on Monday it  will delay filing its third-quarter results, and it revised  downward results for the first nine months of the year because  of errors in how inventory levels were reported.
0	Village missing after landslide A landslide triggered by Typhoon Aere buried a mountain village in northern Taiwan yesterday, with the fate of at least 20 residents unknown, the government #39;s disaster relief center said.
2	Sprint, Nextel exploring merger; 40 million subscribers involved Nextel Communications and Sprint are negotiating a possible merger, according to a source familiar with the discussions. It was not clear how far the talks had progressed, and 
1	Reese, Meshiai Lead Champions Tour Quals ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. - Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament.
2	Toyota Prius Voted European Car of Year  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius hybrid has  been voted 2005 European Car of the Year, Japan's top auto  maker said Monday, after the fuel-sipping sedan picked up the  corresponding title in North America in January.
1	Baseball: Smoltz sizzles as Braves force deciding game HOUSTON, United States : JD Drew singled to drive in a run in the top of the ninth inning and lift the Atlanta Braves to a 6-5 win over Houston and force the Astros into a fifth and deciding game.
2	Investors Cutting the Edge of CNET Despite its focus on tech-related content, CNET continues to grow -- but not enough for investors.
0	Arafats Nephew Blames Israel (IsraelNN.com) Yasser Arafats nephew Nasser al-Kidwa announced after receiving the late arch terrorists medical records that no poison known to French officials was detected in Yasser Arafats bloodstream.
2	Stocks Open Flat, Oil Up, Nextel Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Wednesday, dampened by another rise in oil prices, but a deal  between wireless carriers Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nextel  Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; worth about \$35 billion boosted  Wall Street hopes for more mergers.
3	IBM discloses details of chip (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - When IBM gave a sneak peek at its new Cell microprocessor this week, it was short on specifics about what it calls a supercomputer on a chip. But details are leaking out thanks to a recent patent awarded to IBM and Big Blue's own disclosures for an upcoming conference.
3	Newest iPod From Apple Holds Photos and Music The new iPod Photo, priced at \$499 and \$599, will be able to store up to 25,000 wallet-size images and up to 15,000 songs.
2	FCC Exempts Web Phones from State Rule (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state\oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp. and other providers\aggressively pushing the new service.
1	Challenges are great - in moderation San Diego State is going to the Big House to convene with a Forbes 500 athletic corporation, the dynamic octopus known as the University of Michigan.
1	Mavericks 94 Nets 78 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Jerry Stackhouse scored a season-high 28 points to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 94-to-78 victory over the New Jersey Nets.
0	Tibetans accuse China of meddling in film festival (AFP) AFP - Tibetan activists in India claimed that five films on Tibet have been dropped from the upcoming Asian Film Festival in Bombay under pressure from the Chinese embassy in India.
2	Kodak, IBM See Eye to Eye on New Image Sensors Eastman Kodak Company and IBM will work together to develop and manufacture image sensors used in such consumer products as digital still cameras and camera phones.
3	Five important fixes in MS December patch batch Microsoft #39;s regular monthly patch delivery slipped into port yesterday carrying five new patches, each described by Redmond as  quot;important quot;.
0	The Tragedy of Sudan Fifty thousand are dead, thousands more will die, and more than 1 million have lost their homes. Simon Robinson visits Darfur and witnesses what is happening while the world dithers.
1	Glenn Touchdown Gives Dallas Victory Over Washington  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Terry Glenn scored the winning  touchdown early in the fourth quarter as the Dallas Cowboys  continued their domination of the Washington Redskins with a  21-18 win in Landover, Maryland on Monday.
0	Fischer on Iran: Step by step forward on basis of realism Brussels, Dec 13, IRNA -- German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Monday that so long Iran #39;s voluntary suspension of enrichment activities continues, the EU commitments also remain valid.
2	US Airways names vice president of restructuring US Airways Group Inc. named a vice president to oversee its restructuring efforts, the airline said Thursday. James Schear will handle US Airways #39; organizational restructuring responsibilities and work with 
3	Symantec Unveils Anti-Spam Subscription Service Symantec launches an optional, anti-spam subscription service for customers of its Internet e-mail gateway and enterprise-class antivirus products.
3	News: Webroot: Spyware is Windows-only Spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user's actions, remain a Windows-only phenomenon.\
3	European Winters Could Disappear by 2080 - Report (Reuters) Reuters - Europe is warming up\more quickly than the rest of the world, and cold winters could\disappear almost entirely by 2080 as a result of global\warming, researchers predicted Wednesday.
1	Celtic move eight points in front GLASGOW, Scotland -- Henri Camara scored twice as Celtic beat Dundee 3-0 to move eight points clear of Rangers in the Scottish Premier League.
2	Opening the Lions' Floodgates Independent film producer and distributor Lions Gate has a roaring second quarter.
1	Martyn inspires Aussies #39; fightback MADRAS - Damien Martyn struck a valiant 104 to spark a remarkable Australian fightback in the second Test against India yesterday.
0	Renewed violence shatters lull in Baghdad A suicide car bomber plowed into a Shiite mosque in Baghdad after dawn prayers on Friday, killing 14 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could bring further bloodshed.
1	Fulham without banned pair Andrew Cole and Papa Bouba Diop will begin their three-match suspensions when Fulham face Boston at York Street on Wednesday night, following their dismissals against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
2	Drug Approvals Spark Mylan Labs The Pittsburg-based generic drugmaker said the Food and Drug Administration has approved its metoprolol tartrate and hydrochlorothiazide tablets, which will compete with the Loppressor HCT tablets made by the Switzerland-based Novartis.
0	Malaysia court overturns Anwar sodomy ruling years in jail, overturning his conviction for sodomy in a shock ruling expected to win support for the new prime minister. freedom to urge the country #39;s recently installed prime minister to drive harder on reform.
1	Sele left off roster but he stays cheery Aaron Sele , the former Red Sox righthander, went an impressive 9-4 during the regular season for the Angels. But he and that .692 winning percentage will be out of the Division Series between the Angels and Sox.
3	Mars Rovers Planners Plot Crater 'Escape' (AP) AP - NASA's Mars rovers don't seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly  #151; including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
1	Clarett says Tressel committed major infractions NEW YORK - Former Ohio State star running back Maurice Clarett said he received improper benefits from head coach Jim Tressel and his brother and that he  quot;took the fall quot; during the NCAA #39;s investigation of the school in 2003, according to ESPN.
3	Editorial: Relief for gastronomes Pity the poor epicure paying record prices for imported caviar, thanks to export limits on the ever-scarcer Caspian Sea delicacy. But take heart: CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered 
3	Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which\millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network\traffic to make the Web safer and more efficient.
1	Titans Not Worried About Storm in Miami (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans don't plan to worry about Hurricane Ivan right now. They're too busy preparing to play the Miami Dolphins in a season opener still scheduled for Sunday.
2	Singapore Air Sets \$7.35 Bln Boeing Order  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines Ltd., the world's  second most valuable airline, said on Wednesday it planned to  buy up to 31 Boeing Co 777-300ER planes worth about US\$7.35  billion to support growth plans.
2	Jaguar workers closer to strike action over job cuts LONDON : Jaguar car workers will vote on whether to strike in protest at Ford #39;s decision to halt production of the luxury vehicle at a plant in central England with the loss of over 1,000 jobs, union leaders warned.
1	BC women get second wind Once again, the Boston College women's basketball team started strong in the second half to blow open a close game, this time using a 15-4 run after intermission to stretch a 5-point halftime edge into an easy 78-49 win over the University of New Hampshire yesterday at Conte Forum.
1	Redskins lose, so Kerry should win John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen for their candidate on Sunday: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins. If history holds, the 28-14 score portends a victory 
3	Oracle, PeopleSoft standoff likely to linger The standoff between Oracle and PeopleSoft is once again at an impasse, as PeopleSoft's board refuses to sell the company at the price Oracle has offered, and Oracle refuses to raise its bid.
0	UN Approves Oil Sanction on Sudan The United Nations (UN) Security Council passed a resolution yesterday (September 18) that proposes implementing oil sanctions on Sudan if the government fails to end the crisis in its Darfur region.
1	Eriksson Backs Rio, Warns Owen England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has declared his intention of recalling Rio Ferdinand to his squad for the two imminent World Cup qualifiers - but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
0	Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Seriously ailing  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be  rushed to a French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the  struggle for a Palestinian state.
3	Telstra relaunches network reliability site Telstra has re-launched a section of its website that allows customers to see current and past network reliability, for the country and their own regions. 
0	Darfur witnesses arrested in Sudan The Sudanese government was accused yesterday of arresting people who have spoken to foreign visitors, ceasefire monitors and journalists about continuing atrocities in Darfur.
3	Fuel Leak Scrubs Lockheed Atlas Florida Launch (Reuters) Reuters - About 11,000 gallons of\rocket fuel spilled during fueling of a Lockheed Martin Atlas 2\rocket on Saturday, forcing a one-day delay in the launch of\the rocket carrying a classified U.S. spy satellite, company\officials said.
3	Paleontologists Put Ancient Long-Necked Monster in Its Place Paleontologists have discovered a species of protorosaur, and they think the fossils hold the solution to the mystery of long-necked dinosaurs.
1	Transactions BASEBALL Florida (NL): Released Ps Billy Koch and Aaron Small and C Ramon Castro; added INFs Joe Dillon and Derek Wathan to roster.
1	Mourinho keeps low profile on return to Porto Jose Mourinho, worried at threats from Porto fans who still resent his departure, is keeping a low profile for Chelsea #39;s final Champions League Group H match against his former side on Tuesday.
0	Iraqi group says it freed Canadian hostage; victim #39;s family says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq (CP) - A group calling itself the Brigades of the Victorious Lion of God said Thursday it was responsible for the kidnapping of Canadian Fairuz Yamulky and claimed it set her free only after her company pledged to withdraw from Iraq.
2	Now, peace moves in Reliance group Senior industrialists, religious leaders and politicians have swung into action to mediate between the warring Ambani brothers, Mukesh and Anil, even as a Reliance Industries spokesperson on Friday ruled out chances of Mukesh dragging his brother to court 
0	Cherie denies Blair  #39;wobbled #39; and had thoughts of resigning Cherie Blair yesterday dismissed suggestions that her husband had considered resigning as Prime Minister because of the family pressures he was facing.
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion, US Action on Threats (Update1) President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.
2	Airbus withdraws Microsoft backing in EU suit Airbus has withdrawn a filing that gave support for Microsoft in an antitrust case before the European Union #39;s Court of First Instance, a source close to the situation said on Friday.
2	Swiss Re, Zurich peg Charley costs LONDON (CBS.MW) - The costs of Hurricane Charley in Florida to the insurance industry were becoming clearer on Thursday after two major Swiss insurers estimated their claims stemming from the storm last week. 
1	Carter the heart of the new Blacks A dark hour precedes every dawn and, for Wales, this narrow defeat against the All Blacks - their 17th in a row - has to be regarded as their darkest hour: they got so close yet were just held off.
0	Two More Arrests in South Africa Weapons Probe South Africa has arrested two men in an investigation into alleged trafficking of equipment used to build nuclear weapons. Authorities say Daniel Geiges and Gerhard Wisser are charged with illegally importing 
2	US Stock-Futures Rise; American Express, IBM Climb in Europe US stock-index futures rose before an Institute for Supply Management report that may show growth in the services industry accelerated last month.
2	Strong defense unit buoys Boeing #39;s profit Propelled by another potent performance from its defense unit, Boeing announced third-quarter results yesterday that surpassed investors #39; expectations as profits climbed 78 percent from a year ago.
0	Rebels Shun Ivory Coast Talks as Exodus Goes On (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels from Ivory Coast shunned peace\talks in South Africa as hundreds more foreigners prepared on\Friday to leave the former French colony in the wake of days of\mob violence.
1	Pesky's patience rewarded Those were tears of joy he didn't even try to hide amid the wild celebration in the Red Sox' locker room last night. Sure, some champagne had been poured on him, but those were Johnny Pesky's emotions on display as he witnessed a scene that he never had a doubt he'd see.
1	There's no stopping McLaughlin, Woburn SWAMPSCOTT -- Woburn prepared all week to defend against Swampscott's aerial offense. The Big Blue trained all week to defend against Woburn backs Mike McLaughlin and Tom Hart.
1	Rehabbing receivers are catching up Wide receiver Troy Brown , who injured his right shoulder Oct. 3 against Buffalo, practiced yesterday in a red (no contact) jersey, and is still listed as questionable for Sunday's game in Pittsburgh.
1	Dulko reaches quarters; Sugiyama, Rubin bounced in Bali openers Bali, Indonesia (Sports Network) - Seventh-seeded Argentine Gisela Dulko moved into the quarterfinals, while third-seeded Japanese Ai Sugiyama and 2003 Bali runner-up Chanda Rubin were a pair of opening-round losers Wednesday at the \$225,000 Wismilak 
0	Pakistani Jets Attack Militant Hideouts Pakistani jets on Thursday pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
0	Gay row hits EC BRUSSELS: European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso has defended the appointment of Rocco Buttiglione as Europe #39;s justice and security chief, despite outrage at his claims that homosexuality is a sin.
2	Canadian Grocer Loblaw Sales Up 6 Pct.  TORONTO (Reuters) - Loblaw Cos Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=L.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;L.TO&lt;/A&gt;, Canada's  largest grocery store chain, reported a higher third-quarter  profit on Friday, as stronger sales in non-food categories  helped boost overall sales by 6 percent.
0	Mtl experts knew about C. difficile outbreak but didn't tell province:report (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - City health officials knew about the deadly C. difficile outbreak at least five months before the provincial Health Department was informed, according to a broadcast report.
3	Vandal daubs DNA code in street A graffiti artist spray-paints part of a chemical compound found in DNA on the road outside a lab where the double helix was unveiled.
2	Compu-tainment In Los Angeles on Tuesday, Microsoft trumpeted a new era of  quot;digital entertainment anywhere. quot; The company unveiled the latest Windows XP Media Center PCs, aimed at bringing the computer into consumers #39; living rooms; announced the formal launch of its 
0	Alleged Bin Laden Tape Praises Attack (AP) AP - A man identified as Osama bin Laden, speaking on an audiotape posted on an Islamic Web site Thursday, praised the men who attacked a U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia earlier this month and called on militants to stop the flow of oil to the West.
3	The Milky Way Above La Silla European Southern Observatory -- Anybody who visits a high-altitude astronomical observatory at this time of the year will be impressed by the beauty of the Milky Way band that stretches across the sky.     Compared to the poor views from cities and other human conglomerations, the dark and bright nebulae come into view together with an astonishing palette of clear stellar colours...
0	Sharon Wins Cabinet Vote on Gaza, New Raid Mounted  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won  cabinet backing on Sunday for a bill on the nuts and bolts of a  Gaza pullout, and hours later Israel launched a new raid in the  Palestinian territory, killing three and wounding 16.
3	BearingPoint May Strive for Adaptability Company's interim leader acknowledges criticism by investors and analysts that the company has been slow to adapt to changes in the market in recent years.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Streeter Lecka/Getty Images It #39;s happening again. The curse of the NFC championship is alive and well. By now, you know how it goes: One year you #39;re the conference champs, the next year you #39;re conference chumps.
0	Syrian President Defends Role in Lebanon (AP) AP - Pointing to Lebanon as a stable exception in a troubled neighborhood, President Bashar Assad has suggested an end to Syrian intervention in Lebanon would lead to chaos there.
0	Foreign leaders commemorate centenary of Deng Xiaoping #39;s birth Top leaders of Armenia, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Moldova have paid homage to late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping on the occasion of his 100th birthday.
3	BT secures \$965m US telecoms deal BT boosts its presence in the US by buying IT market leader Infonet, whose clients include the US government and 1,800 multinational companies.
2	Pixar's Waiting for Summer Plus, IBM's win-win, Eli Lilly bares all, and a ticking retirement time bomb.
0	Note on slain filmmaker's body makes threat on Dutch politician  THE HAGUE -- A letter left on the body of a Dutch filmmaker killed in Amsterdam contained death threats against a politician and was signed by a suspected terrorist group, the justice minister said yesterday, as police pressed an investigation into radical Islamic groups.
3	Cisco flaw opens networks to attacks Cisco has warned in a security advisory that some networks with its routers could be vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks. 
3	Scientists Study Effects of High-Flow Test on Grand Canyon The Department of the Interior #39;s US Geological Survey is collaborating with partner agencies to conduct scientific experiments designed to evaluate the effect of a high-flow release from Glen Canyon Dam on the natural resources of the Colorado River in 
2	The Dollar Hits a 6-Week High vs. the Yen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed to six-week highs  against the yen on concern over the impact of high crude prices  on the oil-dependent Japanese economy.
0	U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A U.S. envoy said before a  visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that Israel  should take steps to smooth the way for a Palestinian  presidential election set for Jan. 9.
0	Kidnapped Australian reporter saved by Google An Australian journalist kidnapped in Iraq was released after the Google Internet search engine confirmed his identity to his captors.
2	Investors may be edgy on earning warnings NEW YORK - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
3	AOL debuts voice conferencing for consumers The AIM Voice Conferencing service incorporates AIM Instant Messenger #39;s  quot;presence quot; technology, which allows people to see if friends and family are online and available to chat.
3	Eight great tips for converting to open source Travelers on the road from proprietary to open source software won #39;t be driving on an Interstate. Enterprise open source deployments are still uncommon enough that companies 
0	Liberia moves against Taylor aides Liberia imposes economic sanctions on two people with connections to exiled president, Charles Taylor.
0	Japan quake survivors face aftershocks percent chance of an earthquake of magnitude 6.0 or greater in the area in the next week. Saturday #39;s initial earthquake had a magnitude of 6.8.
3	Tech Titans (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Steve Ballmer\ #36;12.6 billion\Microsoft. Redmond, Wash.\48. Married, 2 children\"I'm confident we have some of the greatest dollar growth prospects in front of us of any company in the world, full stop, period--without question, it's there." So said Microsoft's chief executive and boisterous booster in July. Cites corporate servers and America's living room, where Xbox commands a growing share of U.S. gaming market. ...
1	Angelos, MLB at Odds Baseball and Peter Angelos have not agreed on compensation to offset the impact of a Washington team on the Baltimore franchise.
1	Martnez #39;s Being a Met Rests on a Physical Exam Pedro Martnez went on television in the Dominican Republic yesterday to say what many in New York were waiting to hear and confirm what the Mets would not.
0	New blow for Zimbabwe's Moyo Zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an MP.
3	Catching the nano wave CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says getting funding for the nanotechnology Manhattan Project is the right idea. But is anybody listening?
3	Intel Testing Rosedale WiMax Chip Intel has started testing its WiMax chip, dubbed  quot;Rosedale. quot; The chip manufacturer is shipping test versions of the chip to equipment manufacturers and is involved in trials with carriers.
2	S amp;P upgrades Illinois Power to investment-grade Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Friday upgraded the debt ratings for Illinois Power Co. to investment grade status, after the company was acquired by investment-grade rated Ameren Corp.
0	UN Pulls Workers From Afghan City The United Nations evacuated 38 foreign employees from this western Afghan city Monday after a day of rioting by supporters of the ousted governor turned 
1	Aussie assault on pitch MUMBAI, Nov. 5. - Even if they had won, which they nearly did, they would have had a dig at the track. But losing made the vehemence even more.
2	US economic barometer points to sluggish trend WASHINGTON : A closely watched index of future economic activity fell for a third straight month, suggesting a tepid pace of growth for the world #39;s largest economy, analysts said.
3	Toshiba inspires breakthrough in hard disk storage Dec 16, 2004: The storage race for higher capacity and smaller sized storage hard disk drives continues with Toshiba being the latest vendor to break into the lead with the release of its newest invention.
3	Search Is on for World's Biggest Freshwater Fish In a global conservation study, scientists are hunting for the world's largest freshwater fish. The current record holder? A 660-pound (300-kilogram) catfish.
2	Beige Book shows growth, despite energy tab WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The economy grew in most regions of the United States in September and early October, despite signs that higher energy costs are beginning to bite, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
3	A pitch for presents of peace With only 30 shopping days till Christmas, there #39;s no time to lose. So here are some nifty gift ideas for the youngsters on your list: - JFK Reloaded.
1	Seattle RB Is Day to Day With Bone Bruise (AP) AP - Seattle Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander has a bone bruise on his right knee, but could play in this week's game at Tampa Bay.
3	IBM offers companies monthly security report IBM Monday introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
1	Matt Kenseth Busch Aaron #39;s 312 Kenseth finished 0.119 seconds ahead of runner-up Kyle Busch for his third victory of the season and 17th of his Busch career. At the 100-lap mark, Atlanta area native Reed Sorenson 
1	Top-Ranked USC Blanks Washington  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Matt Leinart threw a pair of  touchdown passes and LenDale White ran for two scores, as No. 1  Southern California blanked Washington, 38-0, in a Pac-10  mismatch at the Coliseum.
2	Court verdict: WTC terror attacks were two occurrences for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A New York court ruled that the World Trade Center terrorist attacks were two separate event, meaning leaseholder Larry Silverstein stands to collect up to \$2.2 billion from nine insurers.
0	Poll: Voters Eyeing National Security WASHINGTON - Concern about national security is dominating public attention in the final months of the presidential campaign because of continuing fears of terrorism and unhappiness about the war in Iraq, according to a poll released Wednesday.   "For the first time since the Vietnam era, national security issues are looming larger than economic issues in an election year," said Andrew Kohut, director of the Pew Research Center for the People   the Press...
1	No. 2 Kan. Trounces La.-Lafayette, 96-51 (AP) AP - Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in a torrid first half that propelled second-ranked Kansas over Louisiana-Lafayette 96-51 Saturday night.
0	Russian press review Saturday's Russian press is dominated by the bloody hostage drama in North Ossetia .&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;
3	Personal Tech: The Sims 2 Greg Kramer, author of The Sims 2: Prima Official Game Guide, will be online to talk about the latest release of the video game.
1	Real lose more ground to Barcelona after stalemate A lacklustre Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the Primera Liga table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal last night.
0	U.S. Warplanes Attack Militants in Iraq (AP) AP - American warplanes struck militant positions in two insurgent-controlled cities Thursday and U.S. and Iraqi troops quietly took control of a third in a sweeping crackdown following a spike in attacks against U.S. forces.
0	Iranian missile  #39;can reach Israel Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, the former president, said the rocket had a range of 1,250 miles and added:  quot;Iran is determined to improve its military capabilities.
3	Belgium Assaults Democracy and Self-Determination "What happened in Brussels today is unique in the   Western world: never has a so-called democratic regime outlawed the country's   largest political party."  The party outlawed is for Flemish self-determination.  When Belgium's largest political party (despite being a minority, which even the largest parties usually are in parliamentary politics) cannot even seek self-determination via democratic means, aren't international organizations obligated to ask what "self-determination" really means in a "liberal democracy"?
0	Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, arrives home PHNOM PENH : Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, has arrived home, less than a week after he was appointed to the throne vacated by his revered father.
0	Iraq Declares Martial Law, 22 Police Killed  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's interim Prime Minister  Iyad Allawi declared martial law on Sunday and said a U.S.-led  military offensive against the rebel-held city of Falluja could  not be delayed much longer.
0	Colombian Rebels Planned to Kill President Bush &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.&lt;/p&gt;
3	Lexmark #39;s Laser-Quick Response Before you click the print icon on your computer screen again, you may want to check the serial number of your printer. Lexmark (NYSE: LXK), a leading manufacturer of 
2	Former Banker Quattrone Faces Sentencing Frank Quattrone, a former star investment banker who once earned \$120 million in a year, will be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal investigation into some 
3	Air Force GPS Satellite Roars Into Space (AP) AP - After a series of delays, a Boeing Delta 2 rocket carrying a Global Positioning System satellite for the Air Force roared into space early Saturday.
2	UK #39;s Brown Says No Agreement Reached on Poor Nations #39; Debt UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said no deal has been reached on how to clear the debts of the world #39;s poorest nations, a debate that has divided the UK and US governments.
0	Koizumi #39;s approval rating rises, pension reform tops concern The approval rating for Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi #39;s cabinet edged up slightly on a latest survey, with the unpopular pension reform program advocatedby him remaining 
0	Three Japan Quake Victims Found After Four Days In a drama that gripped Japanese watching on live television, a two-year-old toddler was pulled alive from a car that had been buried under tons of rock and mud for nearly four days after a deadly earthquake.
2	Trump Gambles on Bankruptcy Move The casino arm of tycoon Donald Trumps business empire has filed for bankruptcy protection in the face of tough competition. The move will allow the hard-nosed businessman to restructure the business and its debts.
0	Barghouti Backs Abbas in Palestinian Race (AP) AP - Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouti dropped out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat on Friday, agreeing to support the candidacy of interim leader Mahmoud Abbas in a move intended to head off a split in the ruling Fatah movement.
3	How Mars Fooled the World The famous Orson Welles' radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds" is about to hit the big screen, as film moguls Spielberg and Cruise bring the H.G. Wells' classic back into the popular imagination. Are we so clever today not be duped?
1	Russians Beat NHL World Stars 5-4 NHL World Stars #39; Mattias Norstroen, right, fights for the puck with Russia #39;s Alexey Kovalev during an exhibition match between NHL World Stars and Russia at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Saturday, Dec. 11, 2004.
2	Blue Chips Slip as Oil Stocks Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips slid back into the red  on Wednesday as oil company shares fell on a report showing an  unexpected rise in U.S. oil inventories last week, which drove  oil prices lower.
0	Australia: Howard government returned, courtesy of Labor The Liberal-National Party coalition government led by prime minister John Howard has been returned to office in Australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support 
2	CORRECTING and REPLACING Vivendi Universal Reports Quarterly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; -- Consolidated cash-flow from operations(4) of EUR1,369 million. On a comparable(1) basis, consolidated cash flow from operations was up 42.
0	17 dead or missing, hundreds hurt in Japan's deadliest quakes in decade (AFP) AFP - Japan was on edge after powerful earthquakes left 17 people dead or missing, injured hundreds and derailed a bullet train for the first time in history, within days of the country's worst typhoon in a quarter century.
2	Hurricane Charley Tears Into Outback (Reuters) Reuters - Outback Steakhouse Inc. (OSI.N) on\Tuesday said it lost about 130 operating days and up to  #36;2\million in revenue because it had to close some restaurants in\the South due to Hurricane Charley.
3	More Confirmation Mars Had Large Seas Boulder, CO -- Spacecraft observations of the landing area for one of NASA's two Mars rovers now indicate there likely was an enormous sea or lake covering the region in the past, according to a new University of Colorado at Boulder study.     Research Associate Brian Hynek of the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics said data from the Mars Global Surveyor and Mars Odyssey spacecraft now show that the region surrounding the Opportunity rover's landing site probably had a body of water at least 330,000 square kilometers, or 127,000 square miles...
0	Wounded Pilots Land Norway Plane After Axe Attack  OSLO (Reuters) - An Algerian-born man attacked two pilots  and a passenger with an axe on a domestic Norwegian flight  Wednesday in an unexplained assault that police said could be  linked to his asylum status.
3	Photo 5 of 5: Gadgets galore in old Tokyo CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
0	Yawer demands help from UN for elections BAGHDAD -- Interim President Ghazi al-Yawer demanded more help from the United Nations ahead of the country's Jan. 30 elections, saying yesterday that poor security was no excuse for the world body to stay away.
1	McNair inactive again; Volek gets nod Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair is listed as the team #39;s emergency quarterback for Monday night #39;s tilt against the Kansas City Chiefs because of a bruised sternum.
2	The Fool's Look Ahead Wild rides, a snow-hugging choo-choo, and a movie mecca will factor greatly during the week that is on the way.
3	Mozilla Firefox: The Searcher's Browser Looking for an alternative to Internet Explorer that addresses IE's notorious security flaws and has killer search capabilities to boot?  Look no farther: Firefox is truly a searcher's browser.
3	MPAA Sues Movie Swappers Following in the footsteps of the RIAA, the MPAA (Motion Picture Association of America) announced that they have began filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer software to download copyrighted movies off the Internet.
0	Also from this section News reports on Iraq paint a picture of a country trapped in a cycle of violence and destruction. The sceptics and nay-sayers don #39;t believe Iraqis are ready for democracy.
0	As trial opens, cleric accused in Bali bombings declares innocence JAKARTA, Indonesia -- A Muslim cleric accused of heading the terror group blamed for the Bali bombings proclaimed his innocence and said the charges were the work of President Bush and  quot;his slave quot; -- Australian Prime Minister John Howard -- at the opening of his trial yesterday.
1	Agassi Handles Friend; Now Faces Tougher Foe Andre Agassi came away with a 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 victory over Sargis Sargsian, setting up a high-profile match on Wednesday with top-seeded Roger Federer.
2	BRA gives go-ahead for three projects The Boston Redevelopment Authority approved projects that could add nearly 400 residences in the city, including an expansion in Charles River Park. The BRA gave the green light to developer Equity Residential to move forward with the West End Residences at Emerson Place. The residences plan 306 rental apartments, 15 percent of which will be affordable. Equity said the project ...
2	Cell Phone TV Is Coming Several companies move toward offering TV on mobile phones. Also: NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson will develop anti-piracy technology   hellip;. Oracle continues pursuit of PeopleSoft   hellip;. and more.
0	In quotes: Troop move reaction The UK Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon says 850 British troops are to be sent to a US-controlled region of Iraq close to the capital.
1	Cubs sign shortstop CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have come to terms on a one-year contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. He joined the Cubs in a mid-season trade from Boston; it was part of a four-team deal.
2	Consumer Spending Was Flat in August Consumer spending was flat in August even though incomes rose, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, providing more mixed signals about the economy #39;s recent strength.
1	Lithuania wraps up with 100-85 win over Australia Title contender Lithuania wrapped up its preliminary round matches with a 5-0 record by defeating Australia 100-85 on August 23 in the men #39;s basketball competition.
1	Bears, Cardinals latest to jump starters Another week in the NFL and, as has been the case lately, another week of quarterback roulette. As anticipated, three-year veteran Chad Hutchinson will start Sunday for the Chicago Bears 
1	Baseball: Bonds 700th homer ball nets 804,000 dollars SAN FRANCISCO, United States : Barry Bonds historic 700th home run ball fetched 804,129 US dollars in an online auction which concluded on Wednesday, the auction organizers announced.
3	Linux and identity services key for Novell Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona that the company 
1	After comeback, comedown for US Playing from behind finally doomed the US women's volleyball team. After struggling just to get out of the preliminary round, the Americans were eliminated from the Olympics yesterday in Athens when a late rally fizzled against Brazil in a quarterfinal defeat, 25-22, 25-20, 22-25, 25-27, 15-6.
2	Update 8: Yukos Removes Anti-Crisis Plan From Agenda Shareholders of the foundering Russian oil giant Yukos will not vote on an anti-crisis plan at a Dec. 20 meeting, the company said in a statement Friday, saying the plan would be impossible to implement in 
0	Philosopher Jacques Derrida Dies at 74 PARIS - World-renowned thinker Jacques Derrida, a charismatic philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president's office said Saturday. He was 74...
0	Tibet: Preserving the culture Beijing - The Tibetan capital Lhasa has launched a renovation drive to keep its original ethnic flavour after years of unrestrained urban development filled the city with modern architecture, China #39;s state media said Monday.
1	Reversal Gives Peirsol Gold; Phelps Wins 200 IM Despite being disqualified shortly after his final, Aaron Peirsol was eventually reinstated as the winner of the 200-meter backstroke event.
1	Bush Unlikely Heisman Trophy Finalist (AP) AP - In some ways, Reggie Bush is the most unlikely Heisman Trophy finalist. He doesn't start for No. 1 Southern California, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. He's a sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors. Finally, he's often been overshadowed by teammate Matt Leinart, also a finalist for the award.
0	Romanian Opposition Head Scores Upset Victory  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania's centrist opposition leader  Traian Basescu scored an upset victory in a presidential race  against leftist Prime Minister Adrian Nastase, partial official  results showed Monday.
0	Smart bandage to help diabetics A smart bandage studded with sensors could help people with diabetes maintain good health.
0	Obesity increases cancer threat \Breast cancer is more likely to kill obese women than those of normal weight, research suggests.
3	Arm Holdings buys US tech firm Microprocessor designer Arm Holdings buys US tech firm Artisan for about \$913m.
1	Ricky wants to play again He inquires about a return to the NFL but it #39;s doubtful he will play for Miami. DAVIE - After traveling the world, Ricky Williams has decided he would like to play football again.
0	Prime minister blames US-led coalition for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister blamed the US-led coalition Tuesday for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in the ambush that killed about 50 soldiers 
0	al-Qaida Aims to Disrupt Afghan Elections KABUL, Afghanistan - U.S.-led forces trying to protect landmark Afghan elections face a rising wave of violence from about 2,000 insurgents, including al-Qaida militants slipping in from Pakistan, an American general said Saturday.    In the latest bloodshed, Afghan police said suspected Taliban gunmen killed nine militia soldiers in two attacks on checkpoints in a troubled southern province...
0	Woman dies days after son's death in Iraq TUCSON -- A 45-year-old woman collapsed and died days after learning her son had been killed in Iraq, and just hours after seeing his body.
3	Report: Amount of fine-particle pollution drops significantly LOS ANGELES A new Environmental Protection Agency report says concentrations of dangerous air pollutants have declined in Southern California in the last five years.
0	Japan typhoon kills two The most powerful typhoon to hit eastern Japan in a decade has headed out to sea after pummelling Tokyo, leaving two dead, snarling transport on a long holiday weekend and forcing thousands in the countryside to evacuate.
1	NFL Wrap: Dillon Helps Patriots Earn 21st Successive Win (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 115 yards as\the New England Patriots beat the New York Jets 13-7 at Foxboro\Sunday to take their record winning streak to 21 games.
1	Belgian coach Raymond Goethals dies at 83 BRUSSELS, Dec 6 (SW) - The Belgian Raymond Goethals, former coach of Standard Liege, RSC Anderlecht and Olympique de Marseille, has died at the age of 83.
2	August jobless rate dips The US unemployment rate fell slightly and 144,000 more people found work in August, providing both the Bush and Kerry campaigns ammunition in their battle for the presidency.
3	Red Hat picks up pieces of Netscape Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape's remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp.'s Security Solutions unit.
2	Hollinger Director Perle Says Black Misled Him, NYT Reports Richard Perle, a director of Hollinger International Inc. and a one-time confidant of Conrad Black, the newspaper publishing company #39;s ex-CEO, has turned on his former friend, the New York Times reported.
2	Germany #39;s Volkswagen workers stage warning strikes Workers at Germany #39;s automobile giant Volkswagen (VW) have staged warning strikes in the on-going wage dispute with the management.
0	Israel Expands Raid with Air Strike Near Gaza City  GAZA (Reuters) - Israel expanded its military offensive in  northern Gaza, launching two air strikes early on Monday that  killed at least three Palestinians and wounded two, including a  senior Hamas leader, witnesses and medics said.
1	African Taekwondo Athlete Hospitalized ATHENS, Greece - A taekwondo competitor from the Central African Republic was hospitalized for precautionary tests Friday after being knocked out during a preliminary bout.
2	Chinese Inflation Falls Sharply in Nov.  BEIJING (Reuters) - China's annual inflation rate dropped  sharply in November, heartening policy makers who have been  striving to cool the economy and reducing chances of a further  rise in interest rates in the near term.
1	No Irish magic -- just a big  #39;W #39; SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- It was far from a masterpiece in any aspect of the game, but Notre Dame was able to get back in the win column Saturday with a 23-15 comeback victory over Stanford before a sellout crowd of 80,795 in Notre Dame Stadium.
3	Apple iTunes Opens in Canada Apple announced yesterday the launch of its iTunes music store in Canada, making it the 14 country where iTunes is available. Apple said that the iTunes music store in Canada has more than 700,000 songs and 
2	Wall Street gets lift from Ford outlook, shrugs off oil spike A better-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street, with gains capped by a lackluster reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices.
0	President attacked in central Belgrade BELGRADE -- Wednesday - Unknown assailants tried to force a car carrying Serbian President Boris Tadic off the road last night in what appeared to be a planned attack, according to Belgrade daily Vecernje Novosti.
0	 #39;Sudan foils coup plot #39; Khartoum - Sudan foiled a plot by supporters of jailed Islamist leader Hassan al-Turabi to overthrow the government on Friday, hours before they carried it out, the interior ministry said.
1	Boston bats put hurting on Brown At the time, the decision to start Kevin Brown seemed to make the most sense. It turned out to be an unmitigated disaster.
3	IT Forum: Exchange users to get more tools Although Microsoft won't announce the release date of the next version of its Exchange Server until next year, users can expect more management tools for existing versions in the meantime.
2	Merger creates mobile giant SPRINT and Nextel Communications are expected early this week to announce a \$70 billion (36 billion) telecoms merger that will create Americas third-largest mobile-phone company, with 39m customers.
1	Spartans dispatch N. Michigan with 28-0 run Drew Naymick and Drew Neitzel didn #39;t score a point Sunday, but Michigan State #39;s players, coaches and fans appreciated their work in a 42-point win.
1	Fatigued Henman wins in straight sets Tim Henman shook off a recent bout of fatigue to beat Antony Dupuis of France 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday in the opening round of the Swiss Indoors.
1	FA to run word Cech PETR CECH faces a hefty FA fine after reports that he accused ref Graham Poll of cheating. The Chelsea keeper told a newspaper in his native Czech Republic he suspected Poll of being an Arsenal 
3	Microsoft Unveils Management Software November 16, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Software giant Microsoft (microsoft.com) announced on Tuesday that it has released version 3.0 of Microsoft Solutions for Windows-based Hosting, a management platform that includes tools for handling 
1	UNDATED: 14 points a game. John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
1	Disney, NFL look bad after racy MNF intro Prepared statements were flying like tickertape Tuesday, in the wake of ABC #39;s racy introductory skit on Monday Night Football.
1	Pressure on De La Hoya After 12 years as the golden boy of American boxing, Oscar De La Hoya suddenly looks like a man who is haunted by the possibility of a career-ending defeat against Bernard Hopkins tonight.
2	Quattrone gets 18 months NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Frank Quattrone, who led some of the most celebrated initial public offerings of the late 1990s, was sentenced to 18 months in prison Wednesday for interfering with a federal probe into those hot IPOs.
3	IOGEARs new Wireless Bluetooth Mini Mouse Before we go any further, stop saying Mini Mouse like youre Mini Me. Stop it. Thats no longer allowed in the cubicles of America.
1	Chiefs Overtake Titans in Wild Finish A phantom penalty, followed by a 9-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison, lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the undermanned Tennessee Titans, 49-38.
0	Full Sudanese peace talks get off to a shaky start ABUJA (AFP) - Peace talks on the conflict in the Sudanese region of Darfur ran straight into trouble on the first day of formal negotiations as angry rebel leaders refused to sign an agreement to protect civilians.
0	UN Envoys Urge Restraint by Rwanda DAKAR, Senegal, Nov. 25 -- UN Security Council diplomats appealed to Rwanda for restraint Thursday after Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to renew Central Africa #39;s deadliest conflict, claiming his 
1	UPDATE 1-Mutu to continue career in England or Italy Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, dismissed by English Premier League club Chelsea for taking cocaine, said on Tuesday he would continue his career in England or Italy after completing a seven-month ban.
1	BUTTON PLEADS FOR SILVERSTONE FUTURE Jenson Button today issued a passionate defence of Silverstone, insisting it would be  quot;devastating quot; if the British Grand Prix was axed.
0	Marines die in  #39;death triangle #39; TWO US marines and at least three insurgents died south of the Iraqi capital, the first casualties of a US-led sweep of the so-called  quot;death triangle quot;, a marine spokesman said today.
0	Japan #39;s Nikkei, Topix Fall, Paced by Canon on US Jobs Report Japanese stocks fell, paced by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a US government report showed that the world #39;s largest economy added fewer jobs in November than some economists had expected.
0	China Colliery Accidents Kill 5,286 Miners This Year  BEIJING (Reuters) - Colliery accidents in China killed  5,286 miners in the first 11 months of the year, but the  government cast the figure in a positive light, saying it was  at an all-time low relative to production.
0	Ghana election draws strong turnout Snaking lines of hundreds of voters built up at balloting places across Ghana on Tuesday, as the first sub-Saharan country to gain independence voted for president.
2	Cooper Tire Sells Automotive Unit Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners have agreed to pay \$1.17 billion to acquire Cooper-Standard Automotive by the end of the year.
1	Klitschko wanted Tyson, settles for Williams Vitali Klitschko #39;s dream was always to fight Mike Tyson. For now, he #39;ll have to settle for fighting the man who last beat Tyson.
3	New eco-friendly mobile phone case turns into flower Feeling guilty that you #39;ve just thrown away your umpteenth mobile phone to get the latest handset? Soon you may be able to plant your old one and watch it grow into a flower.
1	Cardinals Take Series Jeff Suppan pitches seven strong innings and Albert Pujols drives in four runs to eliminate the Dodgers from the postseason with a 6-2 win on Sunday.
1	Els Eases Ahead Ernie Els posts a tidy round of 4-under 68, giving him a two-shot lead heading into the final round of the American Express Championship.
1	Soccer: Big teams off to winning start in Champions League Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening group H match yesterday.
2	Can Glaser, Jobs find harmony? RealNetworks CEO Rob Glaser has survived longer than most in the Internet business, largely by pulling rabbits out of his hat when the competition least expects it. 
2	Job Picture Brightens with August Hiring  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. job market brightened in  August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and  hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the  Labor Department reported on Friday.
0	Blast rips through Syrian capital A suspected car bomb has exploded in a diplomatic quarter of Damascus wounding two people, Syrian officials say. The car was quickly removed by security teams who collected debris on the street in the Mazze area, reports said.
0	Blair Flies to Sudan to Press for Darfur Peace  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair flew to Khartoum on  Wednesday as the most senior yet in a parade of Western  government figures seeking to pressure Sudanese officials over  violence in Darfur province.
1	Dedham's victory sweet What a difference four weeks can make. The last time Bay State Conference field hockey powers Walpole and Dedham met, Walpole sent the Marauders packing with their first loss of the season, 5-3. But yesterday it was Walpole that was unable to preserve a blemish-free loss column, as host Dedham prevailed, 2-1.
3	'Trustworthiness' still a goal for Microsoft January 15, 2005 -- a Saturday -- will almost certainly pass quietly on the bucolic Redmond, Washington, campus of Microsoft Corp. But for those in the field of information technology security, who often make a sport of following the company's struggles to secure its products, the date is certain to attract some notice: it's the third anniversary of a now-famous internal Microsoft e-mail dubbed the "Trustworthy Computing" memo.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
3	FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine FyberSearch Acquires RSS Feed Search Engine\\FyberSearch announced the acquisition of the feed archive search engine FeedPlex today in hopes of adding to its collection of useful search tools. FeedPlex is a feed search engine that provides Internet users the ability to find data in XML/RSS format on the web.\\"We are ...
1	Japanese star joins Suns Yuta Tabuse has signed for Phoenix, boosting his hopes of becoming the first Japanese player to see action in the NBA. The 23-year-old guard, who took part in the Denver Nuggets #39; pre-season training camp last 
1	PSU REPORT CARD The quarterback drops back to pass on the first play of the game on enemy turf and floats a picturesque 49-yard bomb to the team #39;s most dangerous player.
2	Calif. activist buys first hybrid Escape A California environmental activist on Wednesday became the first customer to take delivery of a Ford Escape Hybrid. Ford Motor Co.
1	Bosnia holds rival Serbia to 0-0 draw Bosnia held Balkan rival Serbia-Montenegro to a 0-0 draw Saturday in a World Cup qualifier, the first competitive match between the neighboring countries that fought a civil war from 1992-95.
0	Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq - Delegates at Iraq's National Conference called Monday for radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to abandon his uprising against U.S. and Iraqi troops and pull his fighters out of a holy shrine in Najaf...
0	Ritter Family Files Wrongful Death Suit LOS ANGELES - The family of John Ritter has sued a Burbank hospital, accusing it of negligence in the death of the 54-year-old actor. Ritter's wife Amy Yasbeck and his four children, including actor Jason Ritter, filed the wrongful death suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Sept...
2	NAB slide  #39;unacceptable #39; says Stewart SCOTSMAN John Stewart - drafted in to turn around Australia #39;s largest bank - said today the overhaul of National Australia Bank will take several years as he unveiled an  #39;unacceptable #39; 15 fall in the group #39;s full-year cash earnings.
2	EU Clears UK On-Demand Venture by Disney, Sony European regulators have approved a movies-on-demand joint venture between Sony #39;s Columbia Pictures and Walt Disney Co. that could help UK cable 
3	Cisco flaw opens networks to attacks A router software bug could lead to denial-of-service attacks--but only techies could launch one, an analyst says.
2	PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs, Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits and strong performances from its key  Frito-Lay snack and North American beverage units.
2	Leading economic indicators slow again in September OTTAWA - An indicator that gives an early look at Canada #39;s economic situation showed more signs of slowing in September, Statistics Canada said Wednesday.
2	SEC to GM, Ford: Let's See Those Pensions  DETROIT (Reuters) - U.S. regulators asked automotive giants  General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;and Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; for  information on how they account for pension and health care  plans, the companies said on Tuesday.
1	Beckham not retiring after all England captain David Beckham hopes to reach 100 caps for his country and play on beyond the World Cup in Germany in 2006. The Real Madrid star was reported to be considering retirement after that tournament 
3	HP to sell version of Apple's iPod (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Hewlett-Packard on Friday unveiled its own version of Apple's iPod music player, part of its alliance with Apple Computer as well as HP's own foray into consumer electronics.
2	Japanese growth revised down Japan has revised down second-quarter economic growth to 0.3 percent from an initial estimate of 0.4 percent, defying widespread expectations for an upward revision and sending the yen and stocks lower.
3	MSN, iTunes and  #39;choice #39; Microsoft #39;s effort to send a message to Apple via legions of iPod users isn #39;t quite as elaborate as RealNetworks #39; Freedom of Music Choice campaign, but the gist is the same.
2	China Aviation May Face Liquidation Suit in Singapore Court China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. faces a liquidation application as early as tomorrow unless it pays debt owed to Standard Bank London Ltd.
1	AROUND THE HORN: Bonds tested:  #39;It will clear my name #39; SAN FRANCISCO -- Barry Bonds hopes his random steroid test last week will remove suspicion that he uses performance-enhancing drugs.
1	Jerry Bailey Fractures Wrist; Sidelined One Month Jockey Jerry Bailey will be sidelined for approximately four weeks after suffering a non-displaced hairline fracture of his left wrist.
3	Expedition Seeks Record of Earth Climate (AP) AP - Scientists believe a 50-million-year record of the Earth's climate lies in an underwater mountain chain in the ice-clogged waters near the North Pole.
3	Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Information Technology Systems and Services (ITSS) has created a Web page that will walk Microsoft Windows XP users on campus through a major update being released worldwide this month to make the operating system less vulnerable to computer hackers and ...
2	Heating oil demand fuels price hike Oil prices blasted higher yesterday, surging above \$44 a barrel after government data showed a slight decline in crude and heating oil supplies as a Northeast cold snap drove up fuel demand.
1	Edelin Cleared to Play The NCAA has granted the academic waiver petition of Syracuse junior guard Billy Edelin, making him immediately eligible to play for the Orange.
3	IBM introduces Workplace Resource Center IBM has unveiled, under its Workplace platform strategy, an online developer resource centre that will give corporate and third-party developers access to tools to help develop products and services for the platform.
1	Looking for Lance  quot;As of right now, the chances of his participating are 50-50, quot; Johan Bruyneel, Armstrong #39;s longtime directeur sportif at US Postal and now at new title sponsor Discovery Channel, said at a presentation ceremony for the 2005 Tour in Paris Thursday.
3	Nokia extends messaging options in handsets Nokia Corp. said deals with Visto Corp. and Good Technology Inc. to expand the messaging options on its handsets. Nokia has a similar agreement with Visto and Good rival Research In Motion Ltd.
0	Aides cite flu as doctors examine Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian leader's health had deteriorated and said he had the flu.
3	Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid Oracle has extended the deadline for PeopleSoft investors to tender their shares in its hostile bid to acquire its business software rival--the 11th extension of the offer since Oracle launched the bid more than 15 months ago.
3	Briefly: TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi roundup Plus: ContextWeb nabs \$3 million...Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades.
2	Hilfiger shares plunge on news of probe NEW YORK -- Clothing designer Tommy Hilfiger Corp. saw its stock unravel as much as 26 percent in Monday trading after the company last week said a federal grand jury is investigating commissions it has paid since 1990.
3	US leader snaps up email firm KVault A BERKSHIRE-based email archiving company, KVault Software, has been bought for \$225m (125m) by Veritas Software, a leading US security specialist.
2	Lastminute.com Says Annual Profit to Be at Low End of Forecasts Lastminute.com Plc, an unprofitable UK travel company, expects profit before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to be at the lower end of its forecasts next fiscal year as the company struggles to cut costs.
1	Walk in park for Yankees Drained by a difficult week, the New York Yankees needed an uplifting victory. That's exactly what they got yesterday.
0	Eight More Bodies Found in Mosul (AP) AP - U.S. troops discovered eight more bodies in the restive northern Iraqi city of Mosul, bringing the number of bodies found there since Nov. 10 to more than 150, the U.S. military said Tuesday.
1	Boston Plans Parade for Red Sox on Sat. Boston Red Sox fans cheer as their 2004 World Series Champion team returns to Fenway Park in Boston, Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004. The team returned home early Thursday after sweeping the St.
1	Victor victorious led from the front They drank the champagne, bore smiles the width of the Vaal River and took the plaudits of a nation. And they deserved every single moment of the adulation.
3	W3C highlights Mobile Web Initiative at workshop The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is considering a new effort called the "W3C Mobile Web Initiative," that will seek to make Web access from mobile devices such as mobile phones and PDAs (personal digital assistants), as simple, easy and convenient as desktop Web access.
0	Crew of 5 rescued after week in life raft For almost seven days, they drifted off the Cornish coast in a tiny inflatable raft, at the mercy of rough seas, battered by huge waves and high winds.
2	Jury rules asbestos danger not hidden from company _ A jury has ruled that Union Carbide was not fraudulent in how it sold asbestos for use by Kelly-Moore Paints in its interior finishing products.
2	Lazard asks pay cut before IPO-report The head of Lazard LLC is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as the investment bank readies for an initial public offering, according to a report published Friday.
3	Digital Gear: So Portable, It's Disposable Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
1	Praise running rampant for Oklahoma freshman To hear him, you #39;d think the guy was some wide-eyed, talk-radio type prattling on about the latest kid to slip a couple of tackles.
1	Suns Tops in West Using what he learned from Italy's pro league, Mike D'Antoni has installed a run-and-gun offense that has Phoenix trampling opponents.
3	Dell Takes Aim at Blade Server Market In a long awaited move, Dell has finally re-entered the blade server market with the release of the Dell PowerEdge 1855 server system.
1	Plastic pitches ready to bounce back into fashion UEFA is contemplating dragging its European competitions down to the level of the average local five-a-side league by paving the way for the return of plastic pitches.
3	Satire Sequel Parodies U.S. Newsmakers (AP) AP - From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."
1	Security tightened after fan takes a plunge More security will be placed around the fields of play at the Olympics after a man who wanted to send  #39; #39;a loving message to his wife #39; #39; jumped into the diving pool, the Athens Organizing Committee said. 
3	Chief of Advanced Micro Targets Market Share Gains Hector Ruiz, the chief executive of Advanced Micro Devices, today laid out a plan to break what he called the monopolistic grip on the microprocessor industry by Intel.
2	Why Was Craig Conway Ousted? Oracle may be the big winner in PeopleSoft #39;s firing of CEO Craig Conway. PeopleSoft offered little convincing rationale for the ouster, and speculation centered on the possibility that it is 
0	Blair to Urge Party Unity Under Iraq Cloud (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Blair will urge his\party on Tuesday to reunite for an election fight, seeking to\heal rifts over Iraq even as two more British soldiers die in\Basra and a hostage remains under threat of death.
3	Google: Now Playboy's Latest Bunny Investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of Google Inc. continue to do things like show up in Playboy magazine around the same time their company is going public. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Rebel strike grips Nepal for second day, government considers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KATHMANDU : A strike called by Maoist rebels shut down much of Nepal for the second day as the government considered calling a ceasefire to jumpstart talks to end the bloody conflict.
3	Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service icrosoft started selling music tracks yesterday on its MSN online service, taking on Apple Computer and a host of others in the fast-growing market for digital music.
3	DNA fingerprinting  #39;no longer foolproof #39; The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
3	Closing Words in Evolution Trial Closing arguments begin Friday morning in the federal trial regarding how evolution is taught in Cobb County classrooms. As the five-day trial nears its end inside of the federal courthouse in Downtown Atlanta 
3	Court Rules File Sharing Legal Court Rules File Sharing Legal\\A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial decision which ruled that file sharing software such as Kazaa, Morpheus or Grokster are indeed legal. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Los Angeles ruled on Thursday that peer-to-peer software developers were not liable for any ...
2	Acceptable price for oil barrel, 50 US dollars. Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez said today in Moscow that 50 US dollars per barrel of oil is an acceptable price adding that OPEC (Oil Petroleum Exporting Countries) must make sure the price does not drop below 30 US dollars.
1	Tim Carter out for season Tim Carter, the Giants #39; speedy but injury-bedeviled wide receiver, fractured his hip in Sunday #39;s victory over the Cowboys and is expected to miss the rest of the season.
0	Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key Yukos unit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
0	Lawmakers Back Compromise on Intel Bill (AP) AP - Two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation's intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise Monday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.
2	News deal paves way for move GLOBAL media giant News Corp succumbed to intense institutional pressure yesterday and agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approved the company #39;s proposal to shift to the United States.
3	Global warming #39;s big chill plummeted, ushering in a deep freeze that lasted a century or more, researchers have proposed. earth and environmental sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, says he has evidence that this happened.
1	Sweeping giants: US dominates 200 ATHENS -- A disruptive Greek chorus of whistles, chanting, and catcalls could not derail a crowd-silencing American sweep in the men's 200-meter dash at the Olympic Games last night.
0	Concern Mounts That North Korea May Be Planning Missile Test There is concern in Japan and South Korea that North Korea might be preparing to launch a ballistic missile. Officials in both Japan and South Korea say that since Tuesday, they have detected signs of activity 
3	Technology ; Dell seeks to open second PC plant in Europe Technology News, SAN FRANCISCO, Dell Inc. is looking to open its second European production plant, its chairman said on Tuesday, and a source familiar with the plan said the company was considering a location in France.
3	Suspected File-Sharing 'Hubs' Raided (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Federal agents yesterday took their first steps to go after individuals who illegally trade copyrighted music and videos over the Internet, seizing computers, software and related equipment at five homes around the country.
2	BellSouth's Cingular Pursuit The nation's leading regional phone company is resting growth hopes on its Cingular Wireless venture.
3	Mladin notches seventh Superbike win AUSTRALIAN Mat Mladin claimed his seventh win of the season today in the opening race of the US Superbike Championship double-header in Georgia.
0	DUP to Meet Blair for Talks The Rev Ian Paisleys Democratic Unionists will meet Tony Blair at Downing Street today as efforts continue to resolve the impasse over IRA disarmament.
1	Hoping for Big Finish Virginia Tech opened the season unranked but climbed to No. 15 with a 7-2 record going into Thursday night's game against Maryland.
2	Informal Lenders in China Pose Risks to Banking System The growth of a shadow banking system poses a stiff challenge to China's state-owned banks, already burdened with bad debt.
2	Ex-Qwest CEO may face civil charges Civil charges may be coming in the near future for the former leader of Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that Joseph P. Nacchio, former CEO of the 
0	Indonesian President Visits War-Torn Northern Province Indonesia #39;s recently-elected president has visited the country #39;s war-torn province of Aceh, the scene of one of Asia #39;s longest-running separatist rebellions.
3	Microsoft Issues Internet Explorer Security Update A critical flaw in Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Internet Explorer Web browser could allow a hacker to take control of a computer, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Wednesday.
3	Google search becomes personal The net giant has released a preliminary version of a desktop program that will search computer hard drives, as well as the web.  quot;We think of this as the photographic memory of your computer, quot; said Marissa 
2	RealNetworks offers discounts to students SEATTLE -- RealNetworks Inc. will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers.
2	Oil Prices Cool As Iraqi Crude Flows World oil prices fell Monday on easing supply fears, as crude exports from Iraq #39;s southern pipelines resumed close to normal levels, analysts said.
2	For Oracle, one obstacle removed but many await Oracle Corp can celebrate a ruling by a US judge that it can take over archrival PeopleSoft Inc, but analysts say the world #39;s second biggest software maker has a battery of other barriers to overcome before a deal is clinched.
3	Toothache 'made lion eat humans ' Experts believe a sore tooth may have led a Tanzanian lion to go on a human killing spree instead of hunting buffalo.
3	Microsoft, Air Force Seal \$509M Software, Services Deal The Air Force and Microsoft have entered two contracts. One consolidates 38 different software licenses throughout the Air Force, while the other consolidates seven service contracts.
3	Power cuts key for Intel at 65 nanometers Intel Corp.'s 65-nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90-nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to a briefing from an Intel manufacturing executive last week.
3	Photos from MacExpo 2004 With over 100 exhibitors  #151; including Apple, Adobe, Bose, Epson, HP, Microsoft, Quark and Sony  #151; and more than 20,000 visitors expected during the three-day event  #151; this year #146;s London MacExpo is shaping up as the biggest and best ever staged. Nov 18
3	Extra cash for 'super-microscope' The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in England is to receive a further 120m of funding.
0	Typhoon Songda Batters Southern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - High winds and heavy rain lashed Japan's  southernmost prefecture of Okinawa on Sunday, swamping  buildings and stranding holidaymakers, as the third powerful  typhoon in three weeks neared the country's coast.
3	Oracle-PeopleSoft end nears (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The software maker has indicated it could abandon the hunt for PeopleSoft if it does not win support for a tender offer.
1	Boxer charged with killing sportswriter A boxer who fights under the nickname  quot;The Harlem Hammer quot; pleaded not guilty yesterday to charges that he used a hammer to murder a freelance sportswriter and then torched his Hollywood apartment.
3	EA Video Game 'Madden' Tops 1.3 Million First Week (Reuters) Reuters - "Madden NFL 2005," the latest\version of Electronic Arts Inc.'s (ERTS.O)  pro football video\game franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first\week of release, the company said on Thursday, citing internal\figures.
2	EBay meets estimates as profits jump EBay (EBAY), the world #39;s largest online marketplace, Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and PayPal businesses.
1	Rockies Clobber Dodgers 4-1 (AP) AP - Jeromy Burnitz's RBI single with one out in the ninth inning sparked a three-run rally, and the Colorado Rockies beat Los Angeles 4-1 Wednesday night to slow the Dodgers' drive to their first playoff berth in eight years.
1	India lose early wickets Indian batting stuttered once again as they lost the two opening batsmen cheaply and handed Australia a slight advantage on the second day of the third cricket Test here today.
1	Robinson Signs Deal to Manage Expos in DC  VIERA, Florida (Sports Network) - On the day Major League  Baseball owners delayed the vote to finalize the move of the  Expos to Washington, DC, the club on Thursday signed manager  Frank Robinson to a one-year contract.
2	Villagers hold Nigeria oil plants Representatives of a remote community in southern Nigeria's Delta region take over three oil installations.
2	Peoplesoft bid hangs in balance US software giant Oracle #39;s \$9.2bn (4.9bn) bid for rival Peoplesoft was hanging in the balance on Friday as investors pondered its takeover offer.
2	Should You Dig This Irish Jig? O'Charley's stock has been out of favor, but there may still be a pot of gold at the end of this rainbow.
0	Several Killed in Israeli Bus Bombings JERUSALEM - Two buses exploded in southern Israel on Tuesday, killing several people and wounding many others, Israeli rescue officials said, in what appeared to be the first suicide bombing inside Israel in nearly six months.    Police reported a third blast, but no further details were immediately available...
2	Colleges to kids: Clean up those PCs Many of you can't be trusted with your own computers. Stupidity isn't the problem. It's laziness, mostly, combined with a penny-wise stinginess that resents the \$40 price of a good antivirus program.
2	Business Glance NEW YORK - Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker \$70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
0	U.S. Forces on Offensive in Iraq Rebel Strongholds  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces launched operations in  three Iraqi rebel strongholds on Thursday, killing nearly two  dozen insurgents in a town near the Syrian border and bombing  targets in Falluja for the third straight day.
1	Record 13th straight mens title HOUSTON - Top-seeded Roger Federer of Switzerland won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Australian Lleyton Hewitt, 6-3, 6-2, in the title match of the Association of Tennis Professionals Masters Cup.
2	TiVo Net Loss Widens; Subscribers Grow  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - TiVo Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TIVO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt;, maker of  digital television recorders, on Monday said its quarterly net  loss widened as it boosted spending to acquire customers, but  subscribers to its fee-based TV service rose sharply.
3	Photos: 'Wanna buy an iPod, guv?' Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
3	Coming soon: full-scale DVD format war TOKYO - A full-scale war over DVD formats is only a matter of time - the electronics industry can smell it in the air. As the two opposing camps continue to recruit allies, negotiations are no longer about averting a confrontation.
2	Sun Micro Posts Narrower Quarterly Loss  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Network computer maker Sun  Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a narrower  quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second  consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending  shares slightly higher.
1	Australia v New Zealand- ICC Champions Trophy scoreboard  Cricket-New Zealand 198-9 v Australia - ICC Champions Trophy September 16, 2004 12:40:46 LONDON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - After being put into bat by Australia captain Ricky Ponting, New Zealand hit 198-9 in 50 overs in their Champions Trophy Pool A match 
2	Survey shows what pleases new-home buyers Price and consumer satisfaction are not necessarily fellow travelers, according to a survey of new-home buyers. But buyers of new homes in the greater Bay Area were for the most part satisfied with the people 
1	USA takes 2-0 lead in Davis Cup semifinals Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish won their singles matches Friday to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Belarus in the Davis Cup semifinals.
1	Service betrays Paradorn in Vienna American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy in Vienna on Thursday with a 6-2 6-1 win over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand.
2	Bermuda Firm Is Subpoenaed in Inquiry Into Insurers Investigations into the sale of insurance that can smooth out volatile earnings have widened significantly, as Ace Ltd., a big Bermuda insurer with extensive operations in the United 
1	Cricket: Ton of class from Oram as NZ keep hopes alive Century-maker Jacob Oram respected, frustrated and then bludgeoned an all-conquering bowling attack before his own  quot;popgun quot; bowling sent tremors through Australia #39;s top order in the first cricket test today.
0	Dole Questions Kerry's Vietnam Wounds CRAWFORD, Texas - Former Republican Sen. Bob Dole suggested Sunday that John Kerry apologize for past testimony before Congress about alleged atrocities during the Vietnam War and joined critics of the Democratic presidential candidate who say he received an early exit from combat for "superficial wounds." Dole also called on Kerry to release all the records of his service in Vietnam...
1	At Their Fingertips The small jet taxied up to the door of the private air terminal, with only two passengers and its crew on board. Brian Vickers and Ricky Hendrick were returning from a vacation at some exotic location after clinching the 2003 Busch Series championship.
1	Hewitt holds off French talent Monfils in Paris Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt held off a strong fightback by French sensation Gael Monfils to move into the third round of the Paris Masters Series indoor tournament on Tuesday.
2	Piracy Clampdown By Nintendo It has been announced that a temporary restraining order by the US District Court for the Western District of Washington has been placed on two companies that have been importing products into the US containing dozens of inbuilt NES games.
2	EU raps Greece over deficit The European Union last night started legal action against Athens after it was revealed that a systematic under-reporting of Greece #39;s budget deficit should have ruled the country out of joining the single currency.
1	Serena, Kuznetsova,Sharapova among top names in China Open Five of world #39;s top 15 players have made their way to compete this week #39;s \$585,000 China Open, a Tier II event on the WTA Tour.
0	Sinn Fein seeks faster N Ireland pullout An Irish political party leader is to urge British Prime Minister Tony Blair to accelerate the withdrawal of troops from republican areas of Northern Ireland.
2	California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans TV quot; gt; Anthem and WellPoint Health Networks, two giant Blue Cross plans, finally won approval yesterday from California #39;s insurance commissioner for their \$16.
3	AMD Will Have An Edge Over Intel Through 2005 Piper Jaffray said Advanced Micro Devices (nyse: AMD - news - people ) should have an edge over Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people )  quot;throughout 2005 quot; but resumed coverage of both companies at  quot;market perform quot; and both at price targets of \$25.
1	Low payroll comes at a price Followers of the Yankees and Red Sox, do not delude yourselves: money does matter. Imagine, please, being Ron Gardenhire, manager of the Minnesota Twins, as opposed to either Joe Torre or Terry Francona. It's Game 2 of the American League Division Series. Your team has a chance to go up, two games to none, in Yankee Stadium. And who is ...
0	Japan raises submarine issue with China: report (AFP) AFP - Japan took up with China the issue of a suspicious submarine that intruded into its waters amid alarm in Tokyo that the vessel was a show of strength from its neighbour and growing competitor.
3	HGS Board Member Named Chairman Argeris N. Karabelas, a Human Genome Sciences board member, will become chairman Oct. 17, the company said Monday.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-TheWashington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
0	Fourteen die as suicide bombs rock Baghdad and Mosul Suicide bombings yesterday in Baghdad and Mosul killed 14 people and wounded more than 60, many of them policemen, worsening a surge of violence across Iraq.
3	Got mail? You bet: Bill Gates gets millions of spam e-mails If you thought nobody could get more spam than you, think of Bill Gates. The chairman of Microsoft (MSFT) gets 4 million pieces of e-mail a day, most of it junk, says Steve Ballmer, Microsoft #39;s chief executive.
1	A vote for Bush The Heisman Trophy comes with wings, a tail, a flight crew and jet engines. Boeing and Airbus are fighting over its manufacturing rights.
1	Taking it easy to the top A WHY-WORRY attitude to three dropped shots on two early holes set up young NSW player Kurt Barnes to rocket to the top of the Australian Open leaderboard yesterday.
3	Analysts See More U.S. Newspaper Consolidation Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - A wave of consolidation in the U.S.\newspaper industry could be on the way as publishers grapple\with a maturing industry that faces stiff competition from\television and the Internet, publishing experts say.
2	The Tax Man May Take a Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure next  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.
3	German teenager indicted over Sasser worm Eighteen-year-old Sven Jaschan was indicted yesterday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide after spreading over the Internet.
3	Week on the Web Unseemly squabbling over online sales of the Band Aid Christmas No 1 ended with Apples iTunes seeming to come out on top. iTunes attracted criticism, including in this newspaper, when it refused to sell 
3	Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006  LONDON (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus reported  progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use  mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
0	Sharon: Stop Terror and Talk; Arabs: Words Before Action The Palestinian Authority, refusing Israel #39;s demand for a halt in terrorist attacks, also insists that Israel release convicted terrorist Marwan Barghouti, who is serving multiple life sentences for murder.
2	As hurricane season ends, Floridians wonder whats in store for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thanks to hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan and Jeanne, names that will be burned into memory, residents learned the hard way: Florida has a target on its back.
0	U.S. Weighs Borrowing Oil From Stockpile (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Thursday it is weighing a request from several U.S. refiners to borrow crude oil from the nation's emergency stockpile to help offset supply disruptions along the Gulf Coast from Hurricane Ivan.
0	Pakistan: Arrests spoil major al-Qaida plot Pakistan has arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy, officials announced Saturday.
2	Coke, Rivals Betting on Flavored Water  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Since the 1990s, bottled water has  become a fixture in American health clubs, offices and sports  stadiums, emerging as one of the most popular and fast-growing  drinks on the market.
0	40 killed in clashes in Iraq #39;s Sadr city BAGHDAD (AFP) Forty people were killed and scores wounded in clashes between US forces and Shiite fighters in the Baghdad district of Sadr City overnight, the health ministry said.
0	Israel, Palestinians Await Powell Visit  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said before a visit by  Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that it would  consider calls to pull its troops away from West Bank cities to  facilitate a Palestinian presidential election.
0	 #39;Simple man #39; left begging for life until the end Kenneth Bigley made a final despairing plea for his life before being beheaded on video by Islamist militants in Iraq. Reuters cameraman Maher Nazih saw a video in Baghdad on Friday in which Mr Bigley, unshaven 
3	NASA Awards Contracts for Rescue of Hubble NASA has awarded a \$330.6 million contract to the aerospace company Lockheed Martin to design and build a robot spaceship to carry replacement parts to the Hubble Space Telescope to keep it operating for another five to seven years.
2	Carnival Profit Cruises Up 43 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carnival Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CCL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CCL.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;CCL.L&gt;, the  world's biggest cruise group, on Thursday posted a 43 percent  rise in quarterly earnings as it benefited from a merger with  P O Princess Cruises last year.
2	Merck to Withdraw Vioxx Because of Heart Risks (Update4) Merck  amp; Co. withdrew its Vioxx painkiller, which generated \$2.5 billion in sales last year, because of a link to heart attacks and strokes.
2	Cott Pops Up Again Shares of generic soda company Cott (NYSE: COT) bubbled up more than 5 yesterday following some upbeat announcements from CEO John Sheppard, who presented at a Prudential Securities conference in Boston.
3	Voting methods under close watch If you think the country is divided and rancorous about the presidential contest, try polling a few experts about the accuracy and security of electronic voting.
3	Study Finds Dramatic Loss of Tech Jobs Job trimming at technology companies took off during the past three months, according to a new report.
2	ATA board agrees to employee retention bonuses The board of ATA Holdings Corp.(ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of low-cost air carrier ATA Airlines, has approved payments to key executives and employees who stay with the company after its bankruptcy filing 
0	Explosion Rattles Kabul Ahead of Elections (AP) AP - A loud explosion rattled the Afghan capital early Friday, the day before historic elections, and an international peacekeeper said the blast occurred several hundred yards from peacekeeping headquarters.
3	Oracle sex suit winner seeks \$679,000, apology IT sales account manager in England seeks compensation after winning her sex discrimination case.
0	Israeli Occupation Forces Wound Children, Raze Lands in Khan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least two Palestinian children have been reportedly shot and wounded by the Israeli occupation troops in the southern Gaza Strip City of Khan Younis.
1	Johnson wins Southern 500, closes in on Busch Darlington, SC (Sports Network) - Jimmie Johnson captured the 55th and final running of the Southern 500 at the Darlington Raceway.
1	BC, Maine: Chosen two The Boston College and University of Maine men's hockey teams made up half of last season's Frozen Four, and at least in the pollsters' eyes, they're good bets to make it back there.
0	Labour Party retains Hartlepool Labour wins the Hartlepool by-election with a reduced majority, as the Conservatives are beaten into fourth place.
2	Mandelson warns EU to reform economy or fall BIRMINGHAM, England (AFP) - Europe must show a  quot;determined, unwavering pursuit of economic reform quot; or risk endangering its status as a  quot;global economic leader quot;, EU trade commissioner-designate Peter Mandelson warned.
3	Honeywell Sues 34 Companies Over LCD Patent The lawsuit claims the companies use a patented Honeywell technology for brightening images and reducing interference on displays.
2	Developer to sell rentals in Allston as condos Another developer plans to capitalize on a hot condo market by selling off its rental apartments to home buyers.
2	Boots feels the pinch from price cuts Bad weather hit sales at Boots in the first half, while margins felt the pressure from price cuts made to combat stiffening competition, Britain #39;s biggest health and beauty retailer says.
2	POLL- Managers Eye Stocks Post-Election (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. money managers took the\re-election of President Bush as a cue to make a significant\shift to stocks from bonds after months of hesitation, a new\Reuters asset allocation poll shows.
0	Ryanair, easyJet expand flights to Italy after Volare bankruptcy (AFP) AFP - Ryanair and easyJet both announced plans to expand in the Italian market following the collapse of the low-cost airline Volare, which has declared insolvency and suspended flights and ticket sales.
1	England Tour to Proceed After Zimbabwe Ends Media Ban (Update3) England #39;s cricket tour of Zimbabwe will go ahead after Robert Mugabe #39;s government lifted a ban preventing 13 British journalists from covering the five one-day internationals.
2	Oil price propels TSX as warnings hurt Dow The Toronto Stock Exchange cruised to a flat close yesterday as the latest rise in oil prices propelled energy stocks higher. But New York blue chips finished lower as the price of oil ended above \$46 (US) a 
1	Lincicome: Woe are the Red Sox? Maybe next week And, so, pending World Series gaffes, please, what we know about the Boston Red Sox is that they are not, after all, immune to the Heimlich maneuver.
3	IBM Launches Global Computing Grid to Support Research The project will tap into the power of home PCs to create a virtul supercomputer. By Paul McDougall. As part of a broader effort to spur collaborative research in key industries, IBM on Tuesday launched a project 
1	Paradorn Powers Past Struggling Costa  VIENNA (Reuters) - Fifth seed Paradorn Srichaphan added to  Albert Costa's woes at the Vienna Trophy Wednesday, winning  6-4, 6-4, to reach the second round.
3	Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning SEATTLE, Washington, Oct 14 (AFP) - Coffee shop giant Starbucks said Thursday it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
2	Russias Gas Monopoly Gazprom to Take Part in Yuganskneftegaz &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Tuesday, November 30, the Board of Directors of Russias natural gas monopoly Gazprom has approved the decision to take part in the auction for the sale of 76.8 percent of shares of Yuganskneftegaz, the main production asset of embattled Yukos Oil 
0	Latham shrugs off poll result Opposition Leader Mark Latham shrugged off the results of a new poll which showed the coalition would have easily won an election this weekend.
0	Passenger Cat Stevens Gets Plane Diverted WASHINGTON - A London-to-Washington flight was diverted to Maine on Tuesday when it was discovered passenger Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - was on a government watch list and barred from entering the country, federal officials said.    United Airlines Flight 919 was en route to Dulles International Airport when the match was made between a passenger and a name on the watch list, said Nico Melendez, a spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration...
3	At wireless show, WiMax gets a nod from Intel Chipmaker teams up with cell phone pioneer Craig McCaw. Also, PalmOne's latest Treo, and TV for the mobile set.
0	Cambodia #39;s new king arrives in Phnom Penh Cambodia #39;s new king arrived in the capital of his homeland today to be crowned after the shock abdication of his ageing father, King Norodom Sihanouk.
0	Emblem of radical Palestinian organisation Hamas The killing of Hamas leader Izz ed-Din al-Sheikh Khalil in Damascus on Sunday marks another step in the struggle between Israel and the radical Islamic Hamas organisation which has been responsible for a recent spate of suicide attacks.
0	Iran wriggles to block nuclear sanctions bid IRAN is expected to thwart American attempts to send its nuclear dossier to the United Nations Security Council this week, despite a fresh flurry of concerns about its apparent ambitions to make a bomb.
2	Oil Obsession Wanes on Wall Street Oil is now down almost 15 in a week. Isn #39;t this what people were complaining about two weeks ago when oil was marching toward \$50 a barrel?
0	Captain Ordered Off UK Warship and Sent Home  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's defense ministry has taken the  highly unusual step of ordering a navy captain to leave his  ship and return to the UK to face an investigation.
0	Economist Manmohan gets politically savvy! His credentials as an economist and as a Finance minister were never in doubt, but now it appears that Indian Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh is becoming politically consummate as the representative of a billion plus people residing in a single country.
0	Redefining Swedishness (and causing a stir in the literary world) (AFP) AFP - In once uniform Sweden, a book being hailed as the ultimate generational novel serves as a reminder that you no longer need to be a blond, blue-eyed, beer-guzzling giant, or even speak the language correctly, to be considered truly Swedish.
0	Hundreds march in Nepal for peace Hundreds of people marched in Katmandu on Sunday, waving banners urging religious tolerance in wake of riots over the killing of 12 Nepalese hostages by Iraqi insurgents.
3	Tech, Media, Telecoms Chiefs Brace for Slow 2005  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Technology, media and telecoms chiefs  are expected to be cautious about 2005 when they gather in  Barcelona this week at Morgan Stanley's annual TMT investor  conference.
2	Mr. Bush and Tax Reform IN HIS SPEECH at the Republican convention, President Bush put reform of the tax code on the agenda for a second term, saying he wants  quot;a simpler, fairer, pro-growth system.
2	Delta, Pilots To Resume Talks ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines and its pilot union plan to resume talks on pay cuts Monday in Washington, after failing to reach agreement Sunday.
0	ITALY HALTS REFUGEE EXPULSION Following a wave of criticism from opposition parties and human rights organisations, Italy has stopped its wholesale deportation from Lampedusa of more than 1,300 refugees to Libya, where Italy believes they have come from.
1	Williams activated; Burks placed on injured list Point guard Jason Williams was activated by the Memphis Grizzlies before Wednesday night #39;s game against the Chicago Bulls and they placed rookie Antonio Burks on the injured list.
3	New, dangerous Microsoft JPEG exploit code released The new code is more dangerous than the exploit that appeared earlier this week, since it allows malicious hackers to run their own code on vulnerable machines, according to the SANS Institute's Internet Storm Center.
3	Cisco, Others Expand 10 Gigabit Ethernet Switches DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Cisco Systems Inc. last week added two supervisor engines with 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports to its midrange and high-end switch lines, and Alcatel and Hewlett-Packard Co.
3	New Design for My Yahoo Adds Screen Real Estate New Design for My Yahoo Adds Screen Real Estate\\Yahoo is now allowing My Yahoo users to test out the new My Yahoo layout. Yahoo! lists the new features to be found at the new My Yahoo here. Jeremy Zawodny has some great information on this in his entry named New ...
2	Wal-Mart Sees 2-4 Sales Increase in September Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville said today that it expects Septembers same-store sales in the US to increase 2-4 percent, which is in line with the retail giants previously disclosed expectations.
2	Delta shares jump on pilot equity talk SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Delta Air Lines shares rose sharply Wednesday ahead of a Thursday meeting at which the carrier is expected to offer its pilots a stake in the struggling company. 
0	Buried under rubble for 10 days RESCUERS in the Philippines yesterday pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago. The miraculous tale of survival came as officials 
1	Singh goes low (63) to reach heights NORTON -- There was a warm twilight some 10 hours after the golf had begun, and after a day filled with birdies, eagles, and red numbers, it had come down to this: David Duval standing over a 2 1/2-foot putt to make the cut, while in the fairway some 200 yards away, Vijay Singh waited anxiously for a chance to ...
3	Photo: Giant digital image A TNO engineer prepares to start capturing images for the world's biggest digital photo.
0	Teacher: On tape, prince says he cheated READING, England -- A teacher #39;s tape recording of Prince Harry purportedly admitting he cheated on an art exam is insufficient to warrant a renewed investigation into the incident, an examination board said Friday.
1	Kuznetsova, Petrova advance at Wismilak Svetlana Kuznetsova, fresh off her championship at the US Open, defeated Australian qualifier Samantha Stosur 6-4, 6-4 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Wismilak International.
0	Annan rejects resignation demands United Nations: Buoyed by strong support from member nations including four out of five Security Council members, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has firmly rejected the demand of some American lawmakers to resign in view of allegations of corruption in 
2	Stewart asks to start serving her prison sentence Hoping to put the ordeal of the last several months behind her, business executive Martha Stewart said yesterday that she wants to begin serving her prison 
0	FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients WASHINGTON - Privacy advocates are concerned that an implantable microchip designed to help doctors tap into a patient's medical records could undermine confidentiality or could even be used to track the patient's movements.   "If privacy protections aren't built in at the outset, there could be harmful consequences for patients," said Emily Stewart, a policy analyst at the Health Privacy Project...
3	Lyx - WYSIWYM Document Processing   WYSIWYG is dead; long live WYSIWYM - What You See Is What You Mean!    Well, perhaps that's an exaggeration.  WYSIWYG seemed like a great idea last century ;-).  With all the latest display and print technology, one could craft a document on screen and see it how it would be printed.  The WYSIWYG paradigm has become so entrenched in UI design it's almost taken for granted by users and developers.  
3	Microsoft Cools Hotmail Features NEW YORK - Love reaching your Hotmail account from your Outlook inbox? Soon you #39;ll have to pay for the privilege of doing it. In a bid to rein in spammers, software giant Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people 
3	Study: Dead Cicadas Boost Soil Nutrients (AP) AP - Even in death, the 17-year cicadas made their mark. Their decaying carcasses gave a super-size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
0	Mark Thatcher court plea expected Sir Mark Thatcher will go before a South African court on Thursday on charges that he helped finance a foiled coup attempt.
3	Report: US Leads in Spam Production The United States tops the  quot;Dirty Dozen quot; list of spam-producing countries released by security firm Sophos.  quot;The problem is that there is so much money to be made with spam, and it is very 
0	What #39;s next for historic Gaza pullout plan Israeli lawmakers approve first dismantling of Jewish settlements, but plan continues to face fierce resistance. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
1	Backyard Fall: Pitt Bests WVU, 16-13 Pittsburgh quarterback Tyler Palko struggled all night through the air, but fortunately for the Panthers, he came through on the ground.
2	Mexico #39;s firm says oil price to remain high Mexican consultancy firm Bursametrica said on Monday that international market oil prices will remain high in the short and long run.
3	Google fixes Gmail hijacking flaw &lt;a href="http://www.newsfactor.com/story.xhtml?story_title=Gmail-Security-Flaw-Discovered story_id=28040 category=ecommerce"&gt;Gmail Security Flaw Discovered&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;NewsFactor Network&lt;/nobr&gt;
3	Blunkett's satellite tagging: the tripe behind the hype Home Office redefines statistical invalidity
1	Selig Approves Johnson Trade to Yankees (AP) AP - Randy Johnson moved a step closer to joining the Yankees when commissioner Bud Selig approved a proposed trade between Arizona and New York, The Associated Press learned Monday.
3	Space station strategy Bill Gerstenmaier from NASA #39;s Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, has been manager of the International Space Station (ISS) programme for just over two years.
0	Iraq #39;s deputy prime minister starts a visit to Tehran Iraq #39;s interim deputy prime minister Barham Saleh held talks with the Iranian officials in Tehran in a visit described as aiming to pave the way before the prime minister of the interim Iraqi government Eyad Allawi to Iran.
0	Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in U.S. The floundering Russian oil giant Yukos filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Houston Wednesday in an effort to stop the Russian government from selling its core production unit at an auction this weekend. Analysts predicted the move would have no real impact on the planned sale.
2	Transporters stir: ESMA invoked in Delhi, Gujarat The nationwide indefinite strike of truck operators entered the second day today due to the deadlock in talks between the Finance Ministry and truck operators associations.
2	British Telecom to Buy Infonet British Telecom is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services in a deal that values the company at almost \$1 Billion.
1	Derby draw pleases Juve LEADERS Juventus were the happiest team in Serie A today after title rivals AC Milan and Inter Milan played out a 0-0 draw at the San Siro.
3	Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay\\A partially eaten piece of a grilled cheese sandwich has become the most talked about item on eBay over the past week, bringing in bids of almost \$19,000. Don't get me wrong, this is not ordinary grilled cheese sandwich. You see, it's a miracle. ...
3	Cannabis May Have Long-Term Benefit for MS (Reuters) Reuters - Cannabis-based treatments may\have longer-term benefits for multiple sclerosis patients,\scientists said on Friday.
1	IOC strips gold medal from Russian shot putter Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko was stripped of her shot put gold medal Monday, the first athlete of these games to lose an Olympic title because of doping.
1	Now it #39;s all about pride for the Celts DIDIER AGATHE today insisted Celtic will be playing for more than European survival when they face Shakhtar Donetsk again a week on Tuesday.
1	Fiedler to Start for Dolphins Sunday  Miami, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins head coach  Dave Wannstedt has officially named Jay Fiedler the starting  quarterback for Sunday's season opener against the Tennessee  Titans.
3	Alaska's Lone Elephant Getting Treadmill (AP) AP - Animal handlers agonized over the issue for more than a year: the wisdom of moving Alaska's only elephant away from the only home she has ever known. Nine elephant experts were consulted from zoos and animal parks in the United States and Canada, and a decision was made: Maggie stays.
0	Chile #39;s Lagos receives torture commission report Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle 
0	Spain Defends Its Iraq Troop Withdrawal  MADRID (Reuters) - Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez  Zapatero Monday strongly defended Spain's withdrawal of troops  from Iraq after the March 11 Madrid train bombings that killed  191 people.
3	Dell unveils holiday lineup, including new plasma TVs It also shows off new printers and music players.
2	SEC Considering AIG for Civil Charges over PNC Deal The  quot;Wells notice quot; stems from an SEC probe into transactions that AIG Financial Products, the parent #39;s derivatives unit, structured for PNC Financial of Pittsburgh in 2001.
2	Nortel trims layoff plan Telecommunications equipment maker Nortel Networks will not lay off as many employees as it previously predicted, the company said Thursday.
1	Dodgers miss chance to clinch division title BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - In search of their first playoff berth in eight years, the Los Angeles Dodgers squandered a golden opportunity to secure it at the hands of their bitter rivals.
0	Iraqi Rebels Leave Najaf Shrine, Hand in Weapons (Reuters) Reuters - Shi'ite fighters left the Imam Ali\Mosque in Najaf Friday and began turning in their weapons,\after tens of thousands of pilgrims celebrated a peace\agreement that ended a bloody rebellion.
1	Celtic receive double boost with Sutton in and Stam out CELTIC face a tall order in tonights Champions League match against AC Milan in Italy, but the Scottish champions were given encouragement yesterday when striker Chris Sutton declared himself fit for action.
0	Al-Qaida  #39;explosive expert #39; caught in Pakistan came from Iran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suspected al-Qaida operative who was captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city is an  quot;explosives expert quot; who had arrived here from Iran, a security official said Thursday.
3	Does the  #39;Halo 2 #39; effect threaten broadband? The rapid growth in online game playing will put pressure on broadband networks to evolve, according to research published this week by Sandvine.
2	Architectural Benefactor J. Irwin Miller Dies J. Irwin Miller, 95, the industrialist and philanthropist who guided Cummins Engine Co. to international prominence and helped shape his home town of Columbus, Ind., into an architectural gem, died Aug. 16 at his home in Columbus. No cause of death was ...
2	Survey Shows Lack of Confidence at FDA WASHINGTON - About two-thirds of Food and Drug Administration scientists are less than fully confident in the agency #39;s monitoring of the safety of prescription drugs now being sold, according to an FDA internal survey.
3	Symantec fires up firewall appliance for smaller firms Looks to attract companies that can't afford to equip every remote user or branch office but still want some security.
0	Prime Minister #39;s Expected Resignation Overshadows Hungary #39;s National Day BUDAPEST, HUNGARY (BosNewsLife)-- Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party confirmed Friday, August 20, it had accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy and will shortly name a successor. The government crisis overshadowed Friday #39;s celebrations ...
1	Newest Reports Place Bonds Back at Center of Steroid Case Barry Bonds is being linked more than ever to what could be baseball's biggest scandal since the Chicago White Sox threw the 1919 World Series.
0	Dialogue of the deaf It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.
0	Clarke ends war of words with praisefor people #39;s prince CHARLES Clarke yesterday signalled a truce in the simmering row with the Prince of Wales which has soured relations between the Education Secretary and the heir to the throne.
1	Bout vs. Holyfield puts Donald in the spotlight The first time Larry Donald told his buddies he was fighting four-time heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield, they thought he was kidding.
2	Coca-Cola #39;s Isdell Moves to Slow Price Increases as Pepsi Gains Coca-Cola Co. raised the average price of soft drinks last quarter, prompting consumers to switch to less costly PepsiCo Inc. drinks and store brands like Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
0	Poverty poses threat, finance leaders told World finance leaders ended their annual meeting yesterday with renewed pledges to promote global prosperity, amid warnings that the battle against poverty had taken a back seat to the war on terrorism.
1	After two weeks, it #39;s still anyone #39;s game (Editor #39;s note: Hall of Fame coach Marv Levy, one of the smartest and greatest coaches in NFL history, provides his thoughts about the players, the coaches and the games each week throughout the season.
3	Private spaceship wins \$10M prize A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and blasted through Earths atmosphere for a second time in two weeks today to capture a \$10-million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
0	Car bomb kills six in Baghdad Iraqi hospital officials say six people are dead from a car bombing that struck in northern Baghdad. An Iraqi official says the blast took place near the Ministry of Education.
3	AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone  provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for  their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,  the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
3	CORRECTED: Siebel Sees Sales Topping Street (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Siebel\Systems Inc.  on Monday said third-quarter revenue\would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in\licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
3	US Air Force deploys Microsoft and Dell The US Air Force has awarded a \$500m, six-year contract to Microsoft Corp and Dell Corp, to update and consolidate 38 software licenses across multiple sites on more than 525,000 machines.
2	'City of Looms' Fears for Its Future  KANNAPOLIS, N.C. (Reuters) - After a more than a century of  churning out towels, sheets and bedspreads for American homes,  there's no future for textiles in this self-proclaimed "city of  looms," and many other North Carolina towns fear the same fate.
3	Recording industry and Kazaa face off in Australia The next chapter in the global legal battle between the recording industry and file-sharing services is due to unfold here Monday when the owners of the 
0	Israel Continues Strikes in Gaza, Hamas Militant Killed in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Palestinian militant group Hamas has threatened revenge for the killing of a Hamas operative in Damascus. Hamas accuses Israel of the assassination.
0	24 Dead in Gaza Strip Fighting (AP) AP - Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.
0	A Bad Month For Mideast Peace Process A top UN official said it was a  quot;bad month quot; for the Israeli-Palestinian peace process: more violence, Israel #39;s Prime Minister apparently backing away from an international peace plan, and the Palestinians still far from implementing badly needed reforms 
1	Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Tuesday.
3	Web business standard gets thumbs up The ratification of Universal Business Language could make it easier for big companies to share documents.
2	What's Google Minus \$10 Billion? Google drops its price and shares offered. Its magic: turning the hottest IPO in history into a disaster.
1	Wenger ruling out goalkeeper swoop LONDON, England -- Arsene Wenger has ruled out a January transfer swoop for Australia #39;s Mark Schwarzer or any of the other goalkeepers he has been linked with.
3	Volunteers sought for Mozilla preview push com September 14, 2004, 11:36 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
3	Microsoft ponders licensing for app virtualization scenarios (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Noting two evolving areas of software licensing, Microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility-based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage.
3	Global Experts Unite to Study Water Shortages (Reuters) Reuters - Seventy percent of global water usage is taken up by\agriculture and using water efficiently is seen as key in\preventing serious shortages, with experts studying river\basins across the world for clues to boost food production.
1	Contract ruling opens up seats scramble In true Formula One soap-opera style, the Jenson Button saga has finally come to an end - but not without opening up a huge can of worms.
3	Spammers exploit anti-spam trap Some spammers are getting their messages through using techniques designed to spot and stop them. A survey shows that spammers are the biggest users of a technique designed to find out if e-mail comes from the net address it says it does.
3	Siemens sets wireless speed record with OFDM German electronics manufacturer Siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest-ever wireless connection.
1	BALTIMORE ARE MEN IN BLACK The Baltimore Ravens will look a bit more intimidating when they face bitter rivals the Cleveland Browns for the second time this season on Sunday night.
0	Canada May Not Hand N.Koreans Over to China Soon (Reuters) Reuters - Canada does not expect to hand over to\China any time soon 44 North Korean asylum seekers who scaled the\fence to enter the compound this week and is preparing for what\may be a long stay, an official said on Friday.
0	France to receive Iraqi president Jacques Chirac announced France would receive the Iraqi President, Ghazi al-Yawar, in early September. French President Jacques Chirac announced the decision during a major 
1	Tamada on pole for Portuguese Grand Prix Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada powered into pole position for Sunday #39;s Portuguese Grand Prix, setting a lap record just before the end of qualifying on Saturday.
3	Investor Weighs if Google IPO Was Worth the Time By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ    NEW YORK (AP) -- Now that a week has passed and I've had time to digest the events surrounding Google Inc...
3	A Digital Doctor Treats Computer Contamination Unfortunately for users, computer equipment manufacturers and resellers don't adequately inform Windows users of the risks involved in accessing the Internet without proper security measures.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
2	FCC frees VoIP service from state regulations NOVEMBER 09, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A voice-over-IP service from Vonage Holdings Inc. is not subject to the public utility regulations of individual US states, the Federal Communications Commission declared today.
2	U.S. Oil Holds Above  #36;46 on Supply Fears (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices held above  #36;46 a\barrel on Tuesday on worries of a major supply disruption at a\time when producers are pumping at full tilt to meet strong\demand.
3	Wireless tech gets workout at RNC Protesters and federal agents are using new tools to communicate with cohorts during the Republican National Convention.
0	Japan Now Unsure if N. Korea to Launch (AP) AP - Japan said Thursday it had obtained intelligence indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a short-range missile that could reach most of the main Japanese islands, in what would be the latest provocation from the communist country.
1	McNair sits, but hope stands The Tennessee Titans have a simple rule: If Steve McNair feels he can play injured, discussion over.
1	Savage Is A  #39;Drama Queen #39; - Sanchez The Wales midfielder claimed that a challenge by Michael Hughes in the World Cup qualifier on Wednesday was career-threatening.
1	Roddick aiming for back-to-back Opens The US Open is really all that #39;s left for defending champion Andy Roddick this year. He #39;s coming in ranked No. 2 without a big title run since he won Miami in March and although he #39;s been in the mix at nearly 
1	Greater Boston League capsules ARLINGTON Coach: Rob DiLoreto (third year, 9-11). Last year's record: 4-6. Returning starters (12): Jay McGrath, C, 6-0, 260, Sr.; Michael O'Loughlin, RB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Moses Ortiz, TE, 6-1 215, Sr.; Jordan Cooper, SE, 6-3, 195, Sr.; Neil Rainford, RB, 5-10, 210, Sr.; Michael Talarico, RB, 6-0, 195, Jr.; Peter Samko, OG, 5-9, 255, Jr.; Josh Vest, DL, 6-0, ...
0	Vatican returns relics of saints to Istanbul VATICAN CITY -- Pope John Paul is returning centuries-old relics of two Orthodox Christian saints in an effort to bridge the divide between the two churches.
3	Telecom Italia Trials IPTV Services With Microsoft Telecom Italia will begin testing the Microsoft IPTV platform. The Microsoft TV IPTV platform enables broadband network operators to deliver high-quality video content and services using existing and next-generation networks.
1	After 50 rounds, still no clear champ By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz fought, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves.
1	New Napoli club to play in Serie C1 A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
3	Intel cancels plan to enter digital TV chip market SAN FRANCISCO : Intel Corp. on Thursday said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
0	Myanmar's mass prison release may take a week or more (AFP) AFP - Only a few hundred of 4,000 prisoners, including political dissidents, that Myanmar has vowed to free have been released and it could take at least a week for them all to leave jail, the opposition said.
3	Yahoo Hired for  #39;The Apprentice #39; Yahoo will host the official Web site for the reality show,  quot;The Apprentice, quot; featuring show recaps, exclusive video clips, contestant bios, and a weekly column by last season #39;s contestant-you-love-to-hate, San Solovey.
0	Diplomatic storm after South Africa recognizes Western Sahara republic (AFP) AFP - South Africa formally recognized the pro-independence government in the annexed Moroccan territory of Western Sahara, prompting Rabat to recall its ambassador from Pretoria in protest.
3	Revamped eMusic.com Targets Indie Market By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal (V) to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.    The revamped service, scheduled to debut Wednesday, is the latest evolution for the pioneering retailer, the first to sell digital music files online in the late 1990s...
3	Hundreds of file-sharing lawsuits filed against Kazaa, Gnutella &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The very lawsuits that swept through US cyberspace have reportedly made their way across the Atlantic. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry said Thursday that it filed 459 criminal and 
3	Third Of Americans Think Viruses Won #39;t Strike Them About one in three Americans think it #39;s more likely they #39;ll be audited by the IRS or win the lottery than fall victim to a virus or worm, the non-profit National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) said Friday as it released the results of a September survey.
3	Tech firms craft alternative to anti-piracy bill Internet service providers and other technology firms are proposing to soften a bill in Congress that they claim will make them targets of frivolous entertainment industry copyright lawsuits.
2	Hyper Growth = Hot IPO InPhonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for IPOs.
0	UK aid workers airlifted from Darfur fighting More than 30 aid workers have been airlifted to safety from a town in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region after fighting broke out and their base was bombed, a British charity says.
1	Tigers pull out 7-3 win in mistake-filled game The Detroit Tigers were rusty on Monday after two days off, but they didn #39;t make as many miscues as their opponents. Therefore, the Tigers defeated the Kansas City Royals 7-3.
3	Toshiba has big plans for a small drive Toshiba Corp. plans to begin commercial production of its 0.85-inch hard disk drive before the end of this year, the company said on Tuesday.
0	Sudan govt, southern rebels pledge peace accord Sudan #39;s government and southern rebels promised on Thursday to complete a peace accord as soon as possible to end a 21-year-old civil war and resolve reconciliation efforts dogged by innumerable delays.
0	On Tape, Abducted Reporter Says He's OK (AP) AP - A U.S. journalist abducted by militants in Iraq and threatened with death said in a video aired Friday that his captors were treating him well, while an Italian journalist also was reported missing in the war-torn country.
1	Moss, McNair Injured Again - in Same Game (AP) AP - Priest Holmes had already scored four touchdowns before an ankle sprain knocked him out of the game. Steve McNair and Randy Moss barely worked up a sweat Sunday before injuries sent them to the sidelines.
2	VW Says 30,000 Jobs at Risk if Talks Fail  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG has warned its German  workers that more than 30,000 jobs could be lost if they don't  agree to a pay freeze and other concessions, raising the stakes  ahead of negotiations due to start next week.
1	Shots Are Falling, and Sonics Are Rising The perimeter-conscious (and unconscious) Seattle SuperSonics are off to their best start since the 1993-94 season.
2	Oil Higher on Iraq After Heavy Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices edged higher on Thursday\from a heavy drop the day before as renewed violence and\sabotage attacks in Iraq revived fears over supply disruptions.
1	Monty, Ryder Cup Teammates to Play Links Championship  LONDON (Reuters) - Ryder Cup hero Colin Montgomerie will  lead a clutch of his victorious European team mates into a  links championship in Scotland next month, organizers said on  Tuesday.
0	West Japan on Guard for Aftershocks After Quakes Japanese authorities warned of possible aftershocks after two strong earthquakes hit western Japan on Sunday, but said the tremors were not directly linked to the sort 
0	Jamaicans Flee as Powerful Hurricane Approaches Hurricane Ivan, the third powerful storm to boil up out of the Atlantic this year, bore down on Jamaica today after devastating Grenada.
1	Taurasi has 21, Mercury beat Sparks 72-58 PHOENIX -- Rookie Diana Taurasi had 21 points and eight assists to lead Phoenix to a 72-58 victory over Los Angeles on Wednesday night, snapping the Sparks #39; 18-game winning streak over the Mercury.
3	Self-Destructing DVDS to Reach More People (AP) AP - The Christmas-themed movie "Noel" most likely won't be coming to a theater near you  #151; but if you miss it on cable, there's always the self-destructing DVD.
3	Google's IPO: Grate Expectations Google plans to raise as much as \$1.67 billion in its public stock offering today, but even that impressive estimate doesn't hide the fact that the hype surrounding the search engine's IPO is only half as hot as yesterday. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	DaimlerChrysler Operating Profit Rises  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below  analyst expectations, as gains at U.S. arm Chrysler helped  offset weaker earnings at premium carmaker Mercedes.
2	Nanogen to buy Bothell biotech Epoch Biosciences, a small Bothell company that makes tools to speed up genetic analysis, said yesterday it has agreed to be sold to San Diego-based Nanogen for about \$60 million in stock.
0	Strong quake hit Hokkaido Island, Japan TOKYO - The northern Japanese Hokkaido Island has been stroke by a strong magnitude 7 earthquake. The authorities are warning the local population of the possible powerful tsunami that can take place in the coastal areas.
1	United States Retains Both 4x400 Titles  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States retained both Olympic  4x400 meters relay titles Saturday with individual champion  Jeremy Wariner running the third leg for the men's team.
2	EIA Says Heating Oil Bills to Rise (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has plenty of fuel in\storage for winter heating thanks to near full-throttle\refinery production, but household energy bills are still\likely to be up sharply, the head of the U.S. Energy\Information Administration (EIA) said on Friday.
1	Czechs hungry for Canada The Czech team landed in Toronto via Greenland yesterday and had a midnight practice according to the body clocks, but there was a discernible spring in their step and swagger to their skating stride.
1	Johnson keeps IBF light heavyweight crown MEMPHIS (Tennessee): Jamaican-born Glen Johnson knocked out American Roy Jones junior in the ninth round on Saturday to retain his International Boxing Federation light heavyweight title.
2	Exxon Mobil Profit Up 56 Pct, Stock Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp., the world's largest  publicly traded oil company, on Thursday said quarterly profit  surged 56 percent, driven by soaring oil prices and strong  results from refining operations.
2	Boeing Board Approves Dividend Increase Aircraft maker Boeing Co. on Monday said its board approved a 25 percent dividend boost, raising its quarterly distribution to 25 cents per share from 20 cents and its yearly payout to \$1.
3	Grand Canyon torrent begins GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK - Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon yesterday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a dam 40 years ago.
0	King Hussein #39;s favoured son loses claim to Jordan #39;s throne The King of Jordan announced an abrupt change to his succession plans yesterday, stripping his half-brother, Hamza bin Hussein, of the title crown prince.
2	Fix-income deals hurt earnings at JPMorgan NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase, the second-largest US bank, has surprised Wall Street with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings. The bank, which reported the result on Wednesday, attributed the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
3	Robots are taking an increasing number of jobs, new UN report says 20 October 2004 - The chances of having an obedient robot do unwelcome or dangerous jobs have increased tremendously, with orders for industrial robots rising to a record 18 per cent in the first half of this year, a new report co-sponsored by the 
2	Oil price hits record on Nigeria worries Crude prices have hit record highs as Nigeria emerges as the new focus of worries about supply security on world oil markets. London Brent on the International Petroleum 
1	One way to take heat off Though he is never one to make much of the elements his team must play in, Bill Belichick must be somewhat concerned about the desert heat he will face in Tempe Sunday, because he will take the Patriots to Arizona Thursday after practice to get them acclimated.
3	'Phishing' Scam Now Lures German Banking Clients (Reuters) Reuters - Two clients of Germany's Postbank\(DPBGn.DE) fell for an e-mail fraud that led them to reveal\money transfer codes to a bogus Web site -- the first case of\this scam in German, prosecutors said on Thursday.
3	EBay Buys into Craigslist Auction company is apparently drawn to the classifieds model pioneered by community resource site.
3	'Halt science decline in schools' Britain will run out of leading scientists unless science education is improved, says Professor Colin Pillinger.
2	Research in Motion profit, sales soar in second quarter Research In Motion Ltd. added a record 317,000 new BlackBerry subscribers in its second quarter and saw revenue and profit skyrocket, but that wasn #39;t enough to keep some investors and analysts happy.
2	Feds probe J amp;J Procrit sales BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Federal investigators have asked Johnson  amp; Johnson to turn over documents related to the sales and marketing of its anti-anemia product Procrit.
0	Official: 16 Killed in Russian Crisis BESLAN, Russia - Armed militants with explosives strapped to their bodies stormed a Russian school in a region bordering Chechnya on Wednesday, corralling hundreds of hostages - many of them children - into a gymnasium and threatening to blow up the building if surrounding Russian troops attacked.    Casualty reports varied widely...
0	Choice of Gonzales May Blaze a Trail for the High Court The choice of Alberto R. Gonzales as attorney general may be part of a strategy to bolster his credentials with conservatives.
3	GPL Could Put Heat on Microsoft (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Efforts under way to revise the popular GNU General Public License could put additional pressure on Microsoft by the time it tries to push its long-awaited Windows upgrades out the door.
3	Astronomers Observe Collision of Galaxies, Formation of Larger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.
2	House prices show modest rise House prices rose only modestly on the month in September, the Nationwide Building Society says, backing expectations that the Bank of England may have nearly finished raising interest rates.
1	TENNIS NOTEBOOK US team hopes to be more than clay pigeon in Spain The last time the United States entered a Davis Cup tie as a bigger underdog than it is this week was, come to think of it, the last time the Yanks were made to go to Spain.
0	Italy's 'Two Simonas' Freed, Jubilation at Home  ROME (Reuters) - The release of two Italian women aid  workers in Iraq was greeted with joy and relief on Tuesday  following three weeks of anguish in Italy over their abduction.
0	Powell meets Israel #39;s Sharon US Secretary of State Colin Powell has met Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for talks expected to focus on steps Israel could take to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election scheduled for January.
2	Finance stocks take trading lower Axa Asia Pacific was the hardest hit, falling 35c - or 8.5 per cent -o \$3.75 after rejecting a bid by French parent Axa SA, which had offered \$4.
1	Brown will get the call for Game 3 And the Yankees' mystery pitcher for tomorrow's Game 3 is . . . Kevin Brown , who got the nod yesterday over Javier Vazquez , whose last few outings have been shaky.  quot;It took us a while, quot; conceded manager Joe Torre , who went with Brown (10-6, 4.09) based on his playoff experience (11 games) and last ...
3	Nvidia #39;s GoForce 3D 4500 for Phones Additionally, mobile devices powered by the new 3D WMP will be able to synthesize realistic environments with objects that behave according to complex physics and intelligent characters with true-to-life personalities.
0	Manmohan to hold talks with Bush, Musharraf New York, Sept. 20 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, arrives here tonight for the first major diplomatic engagement that includes his talks with US President George W Bush, and Pakistan President Pervez 
3	Tellabs scales back AFC buy The communications equipment maker scales back the size of its purchase of Advanced Fibre Communications.
2	INDUSTRY REPORT: Sotheby #39;s plans November sale Sotheby #39;s Holdings Inc. almost quadrupled its guarantees to art collectors including Philip Berman #39;s heir and Hester Diamond in the last year as it gathered works for a November sale in New York and overtook 
1	Rugby-Ireland ring the changes ahead of US test Ireland coach Eddie O #39;Sullivan has rested flyhalf Ronan O #39;Gara as he juggles his squad for Saturday #39;s test against the United States at Lansdowne Road.
3	Domestic robot usage to surge The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty, and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, said a new UN survey, which credited dropping prices for the robot boom.
3	Microsoft Patches Critical XP Firewall Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a patch for a potentially serious configuration flaw in the firewall that ships with the company's Windows XP Service Pack 2.
3	Microsoft revises antispam standard Microsoft officials said today that they have revised their Sender ID protocol to work better with an existing standard and that they have narrowed their patent application to make sure it doesn't cover other proposals.
2	Short-term T-bill rates mixed Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$18 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.640 percent, up from 1.635 percent last week. An additional \$16 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.840 percent, down from 1.860 percent.
1	Sorry lads, the grass is NOT greener JUST over a year ago I travelled from Barcelona to Madrid on one of Spain #39;s inter-city trains. It was quite an experience. But there again, so is an attack of mumps.
1	Cougars vow running game will have bite This is the game, Brigham Young #39;s offense vows, the running game actually will make a positive contribution.  quot;We feel confident, quot; said left tackle Eddie Keele.
3	100GB notebook drives arrive Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (HGST) will ship new 2.5-inch hard drives with capacities up to 100GB for notebooks by the end of 2004, the company said today.
0	As Nationwide Strike Begins Today... President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, yesterday made his first public appearance after his arrest on Saturday by men of the State Security Service (SSS) and vowed that today #39;s nationwide strike would continue as scheduled.
0	Bomb at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Wounds Four ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Oct. 10, 2004 - A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring four people, officials said.
2	Homeland Security taps local Northrop unit The local arm of defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp. won a \$45-million contract with the US government to complete a prototype designed to protect commercial airplanes from ground-based shoulder-fired missiles.
0	US hurricane victims face turmoil Many victims of Florida's worst hurricane for years are still homeless, with no electricity or telephone services.
0	US denies push to oust Annan The Bush administration is not seeking to push UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan out of office over an investigation into the world body #39;s handling of the Iraq oil-for-food program, the US ambassador to the United Nations has said.
3	Spyware Bills Win House Approval Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet "spyware" took another step toward law this week, but they are racing against the clock as Congress prepares to disperse for the November elections. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Reds 4, Cubs 3, 12 innings Austin Kearns tied the game with a two-out double in the ninth inning, then hit a two-run homer in the 12th and the Cincinnati Reds dealt the Chicago Cubs a key loss, 4-3 Wednesday.
2	Crematory operator to get 12 years Ray Brent Marsh, who is to enter the plea Friday, had faced up to 8,000 years in a case that shocked the nation two years ago when investigators found hundreds of rotting corpses stacked in storage sheds and scattered in woods outside his rural northwest 
0	Indian Police Kill Country #39;s Most Wanted Bandit Indian police have killed the country #39;s most wanted bandit Koose Muniswamy Veerappan in a shootout in southern India, officials said on Tuesday.
1	SAINTS 30, 49ERS 27 Game grades Ken Dorsey played admirably in his first NFL start. He missed on his first five attempts while under heavy pressure, but went 18-of-27 the rest of the game and never flinched despite the hits.
3	Two Internet Domain Names Get Preliminary Approval The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
2	Bell: McDonald #39;s Denies Report Re Succession Plan Who #39;s next on first? McDonald #39;s (nyse: MCD - news - people ) isn #39;t saying. Earth #39;s biggest restauranteur would neither confirm nor deny a published report Thursday that its succession plan calls for Vice Chairman 
0	Mexico's Fox on Warpath Against Congress, City  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Vicente Fox, often criticized as a  paper cowboy for a tame performance in four years as Mexican  president, is now in a showdown with Congress and Mexico City's  popular mayor and at odds with Washington.
1	Barry Bonds Undergoes Knee Surgery  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected  to recover fully by spring training next year.
3	Sun won #39;t charge for Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s plan to give away the latest version of its Solaris operating system highlights the technology giant #39;s bid to roll back the gains of Linux in the corporate technology market, analysts say.
0	At Least Nine Killed by Hurricane Ivan ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan made a direct hit on Grenada with ferocious winds, causing "incalculable damage" and killing at least nine people as it turned concrete homes into rubble and hurled hundreds of the island's landmark red zinc roofs through the air, officials said Wednesday...
0	Six Egyptians Kidnapped in Baghdad Gunmen abducted six Egyptians working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.
3	Lexmark loses ink cartridge battle Printer makers can #39;t be very happy, as Lexmark has just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges.
0	Pakistan tests  #39;nuclear #39; missile: World News: Islamabad, Oct. 12 : Pakistan has tested a medium-range nuclear-capable missile which could hit targets deep in neighbouring India.
2	Tokyo stocks rise on optimism over Japan #39;s economy; US dollar up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tokyo stocks rose on Wednesday for the fifth consecutive session, as investors bet on optimistic forecasts for steel and shipping issues and hopes for a more robust economic recovery in Japan.
1	Sox fans dress up to celebrate (Hartford-WTNH, Oct. 28, 2004 12:15 PM ) _ Connecticut Red Sox fans are already grabbing up those World Series shirts and hats. People are swarming local stores to get a piece of memorabilia.
1	Phoenix exercises option on Amare Stoudemire (AFP) AFP - Amare Stoudemire, who will make 2.32 million dollars this season, had his fourth-year option picked up on his contract, the Phoenix Suns announced.
2	Glazer targets new takeover plan Malcolm Glazer is preparing a new bid to buy Manchester United, according to reports.
1	US Open tennis: Tough draw for Agassi, Roddick Andre Agassi will have to get through top-seeded Roger Federer if he wants to make the semifinals. Venus Williams will have to get through No.
3	Group proposes faster Wi-Fi specification Networking consortium submits proposal for faster Wi-Fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups.
1	Angels crash to earth as Red Sox run riot MANNY RAMIREZ #39;s three-run home run capped a seven-run fourth inning as the Boston Red Sox registered a 9-3 win over the Angels at Anaheim in the opening game of their American League Division Series on Tuesday.
2	Move to relax euro budget rules The European Commission proposes a partial relaxation of the eurozone's strict public spending rules.
2	Brazil Starts to Crack Down on Counterfeit Goods Brazil stands to lose billions of dollars in trade benefits from the United States if it does not prove by the end of September that it is making progress in combating copyright piracy.
0	China 'blocks Google news site' China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders.
0	Car Bombers Attack Near Baghdad Green Zone  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin car bombs detonated outside a  police station near the protected Green Zone in Baghdad on  Saturday, killing at least three people in the latest guerrilla  strike against Iraq's shaky security forces.
0	US soldier sentenced to three years for murder (OfficialWire) -- 12/11/04 -- Staff Sergeant Johnny Horne, 30, from Winston-Salem, North Carolina has been sentenced to just three years in prison for murdering a severely 
0	Australians head to Indonesia AUSTRALIANS are continuing to pack their bags and head to Indonesia for Christmas despite warnings terrorists are planning a bomb attack in the country.
0	Blair calls for long-term effort to overcome 'global catastrophe' (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair called for a long-term effort from the international community to help overcome the tsunami tragedy in Asia which he said was a "global catastrophe".
2	Fannie Mae Executives Defend Decisions Fannie Mae executives defended themselves on Wednesday against government allegations they manipulated accounting to hide earnings swings, saying they and their auditors believed they were properly applying complex standards that 
3	Scientists Hope Solar Material Intact After Crash Optimistic scientists on Thursday plucked dirt and mud from a mangled capsule which crashed in the Utah desert, hoping to find enough solar dust to yield clues about the dawn of the planetary system.
2	Airbus drops out of Microsoft case Airbus has withdrawn its request to intervene in Microsoft #39;s antitrust appeal--a blow to the software giant #39;s efforts to show that the European Commission #39;s ruling will have effects far beyond the IT industry.
0	Doctors Visit Arafat As His Health Worsens Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Sunday, Aug. 8, 2004 file photo.
0	Families attacked in northeast India; 6 die Suspected separatist rebels attacked sleeping villagers in northeastern India today, killing six in a third day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 63 people dead in northeast India.
3	Novell Files Antitrust Suit Vs. Microsoft (AP) AP - Less than a week after a collecting a  #36;536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp. over antitrust complaints in Europe, Novell Inc. filed a lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating U.S. antitrust laws.
2	Martha Stewart Appeals, Says Tarred by US Martha Stewart is urging an appeals court to overturn her conviction because she was  quot;tarred quot; by prosecutors #39; implications she committed the uncharged crime of insider 
2	Pentagon flipflops, will pay Halliburton fully WASHINGTON - The US army said it had suspended its decision to partially withhold payments to Halliburton, the biggest US contractor in Iraq. 
0	Islamic group says it has beheaded two Italians A shadowy Islamic organisation yesterday claimed it had decapitated two Italian women kidnapped in Baghdad a fortnight ago, promising to show the event on the internet.
1	Olympics: Greeks Dive for Joy, More Gold for Thorpe  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was plunged in national  self-satisfaction on Tuesday after its synchronized divers won  the host nation's first gold medal of the Athens Olympics.
0	Strong quake rocks north-east Taiwan A strong earthquake in the Pacific Ocean off Taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north-east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials.
1	We will take confidence into final: Sarwan Southampton, Sep 22 (UNI) West Indies batsman Ramnaresh Sarwan today said his team was very surprised when Pakistan chose to bat first in the ICC Champions Trophy semifinal at the Rose Bowl here.
0	Kenya seeks 'miracle baby' pastor Kenyan police seek the extradition of a UK-based evangelist over an alleged child-smuggling ring.
3	The Great Southwest Salt Saga How an accidental oasis in the Mexican desert sank Arizona's \$250 million desalination plant. A case study in the law of unintended consequences. By Jeff Howe from Wired magazine.
3	A brighter Outlook? The start-up company made its retail debut Wednesday with You Perform, a collection of more than a dozen add-ons for Outlook, the widely used e-mail and calendar application included in Microsoft Office. 
3	Apple Introduces Production Suite Production Suite, essential software suite for film and video that delivers real-time production tools in one comprehensive and integrated package, combines Final Cut Pro HD, Motion and DVD Studio Pro 3. Production Suite is available now for a suggested retail price of \$1,299. Aug 10
2	Mall Retailers Trim Estimates Some shoddy reports trickling in Thursday night threw a wrench into an otherwise uneventful second-quarter earnings season for retailers. At least one analyst thinks its a harbinger, as consumers get cautious about spending money on anything that isn #39;t ...
1	Silverstone lost at game of hardball The British Racing Drivers #39; Club tried to play hardball with Bernie Ecclestone and lost, the diminutive impresario revealed after dumping the historic Silverstone race.
2	University, Samoa to share AIDS drug earns BERKELEY, Calif. -- The University of California at Berkeley and the government of Samoa have agreed to split profits from any AIDS drug researchers develop from a rainforest tree.
3	Intel formally introduces tri-mode Wi-Fi chip As expected, Intelintroduced its tri-mode wireless chip Thursday with several software enhancements to the product to help improve security and reliability, it said during a Webcast.
1	NHL Players #39; Association invites NHL to meet next week in Toronto The NHLPA invited the league to the meeting in a letter sent Thursday to commissioner Gary Bettman.  quot;The letter also confirms that the NHLPA is working on a new proposal which it believes should provide the 
2	Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial markets may be all ears on  Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President  Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to  purposely avoid an early peek.
0	Who's Left From Bush's First-Term Cabinet (AP) AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:
2	US demands quick result on Airbus subsidy dispute PARIS, Dec 7 (AFP) - The United States wants rapid progress in resolving a dispute with the European Union on public aid to rival aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus, and will call for World Trade Organisation mediation if US-EU talks do not produce results 
2	Microsoft to end antitrust issue Microsoft will pay as much as \$500 million as a part of settlement of the antitrust lawsuit that may be filed by rival software maker Novell, the company said Monday, within an attempt to end its antitrust fight.
3	PalmSource unveils  #39;smart phone #39; operating system In an effort to ring up more sales, PalmSource Inc., of Sunnyvale, known for making the operating system for the Palm handheld computer, on Tuesday introduced a new operating system for so-called  quot;smart phones.
2	Insurance losses from Ivan to come in between \$4 billion and \$10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insured losses in the United States from Hurricane Ivan are expected to hit \$4 billion to \$10 billion US, analysts estimated on Thursday.
1	HORSE RACING NOTEBOOK Azeri going out with flare From Horse of the Year in 2003, to her owner Michael Paulson being scrutinized for not retiring her. Paulson had also taken some heat for transferring training duties from Laura DeSeroux to D. Wayne Lukas last winter.
0	YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS A car bomb exploded early Thursday during a celebration of Islamic militants in the central Pakistan city of Multan, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens more, police and hospital sources said.
0	Analysis: Bombing is a reminder that calm is artificial Exactly four years ago, a few days before Yom Kippur, then deputy chief of general staff Maj.-Gen. Moshe Ya #39;alon appeared before the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee.
1	Italy: Juventus increases lead Juventus increased its lead in the Serie A on Saturday by beating newcomer Messina 2-1, ending the hopes of the unheralded Sicilian team to earn a historic first place in Italy #39;s top league.
2	State Street Research to cut staff after buyout The Boston investment firm State Street Research  amp; Management Co. plans to let go 116 employees, or 28 percent of its total staff, according to a filing with city and state officials, a result of its pending acquisition by BlackRock Inc.
1	Out for 7 months FORMER Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was banned seven months and fined 20,000 (\$61,000) by the Football Association yesterday for failing a drugs test.
3	Nibbling at the pie THOSE who move away from the majority to tread a path of their own have always been termed mavericks. One category of people who today could qualify to be called mavericks are those using Web browsers other than Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE).
1	Against these aces, it #39;s not in Cards The Boston Red Sox look as if they are going to win this World Series.  quot;What are you Thom, some kind of moron? Don #39;t you remember 1986 when the Red Sox were up 2-0 against the New York Mets?
1	Goofball #39; storms over Abbey When they were growing up, Joey Sindelar #39;s kids used to tease him about the six PGA trophies that lined the family mantle.  quot;C #39;mon, Dad, quot; they #39;d say.
2	Optus adds 200,000 mobile users The data from Optus #39; parent company, Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel), showed Optus had 5.92 million mobile phone customers at the end of September, compared to 5.72 million at the end of June.
0	North Korea under the spotlight It #39;s the latest in a series of defections and attempted defections from the communist country. Seven people, believed to be North Korean refugees, have entered a Japanese school in Beijing.
3	Finding the Best Programmer's Font Becoming frustrated with source code not aligning in my favorite source editor I decided to hunt  for the best font. In particular, I began to hunt down the available fixed-width or monospaced fonts.    What are monospaced fonts you ask? From Xerox:Monospace fonts (Such as Courier or LetterGothic), or "fixed pitch" fonts, contain characters that all have the same character width, producing text that can be used to create forms, tabular material or documents that require exact text line lengths. An example of a fixed pitch font is Courier 12 pitch, which is a 10 point font that will print at exactly 12 characters per inch.    Why use  monospaced fonts? Primarily because the text will align more readily. Especially is areas like the comment block header. Updated versions of this document will be located at http://www.lowing.org/fonts/
2	China ready to implement WTO promises China is ready to reduce tariffs and drop barriers for foreign products to enter its market next year, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
3	Ask Jeeves Joins Battle for Desktop Ask Jeeves today becomes the latest search engine to join the battle to organize the disparate information spread across users #39; computers.
3	Sites Help to Connect Social Networks Two new Web services launched last week aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	US jobs growth weaker than expected US businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in September, the government has reported, a weaker-than-expected total that is expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy #39;s direction.
3	Dixons spells out the future - DVD Dixons is to phase out video cassette recorders in its namesake stores after revealing that DVD players are now outselling VCRs by a ratio of 40 to one.
3	Intel sees big changes to the net The net must be changed to help it cope with what the future holds for it, according to chip maker Intel. In a keynote speech at an Intel conference, chief technology officer Pat Gelsinger said new uses for 
2	Stocks Finish Strong On Election, Earnings Money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
0	Jackson bid to remove prosecutor Lawyers acting for Michael Jackson in the child molestation case bid to have prosecutor removed.
0	Disco stars to enter Hall of Fame Donna Summer, the Bee Gees and Giorgio Moroder will be inducted into the first Dance Music Hall of Fame.
3	Video Joins Long Line of Out-Dated Technology The decision by high street electrical chain Dixons to no longer sell the machines could soon mean RIP for the VCR. But VHS (video home system) is just 
0	British soldier killed in redeployment A British soldier was killed and three others injured on Friday as the Black Watch regiment travelled from southern Iraq to its more dangerous new base near Baghdad, a military spokesman confirmed.
0	Myanmar #39;s military govt frees number two political prisoner: party &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; YANGON : Myanmar #39;s military government has freed the country #39;s second most prominent political prisoner, student democracy leader Min Ko Naing, an opposition party spokesman told AFP.
2	Mobile phone users double since 2000 A report out yesterday from the International Telecommunication Union says that mobile phone users have doubled since the year 2000.
3	New Breed of Cat: Clones to Make Debut at Annual Show The annual cat show at Madison Square Garden, which begins on Friday, will include cloned kittens for the first time.
0	Putin casts doubts over viability of Iraq polls Moscow: Russian President Vladimir Putin has cast doubts over the viability of holding free and fair elections in Iraq, saying he  quot;cannot imagine quot; how an occupied country can go through a meaningful electoral exercise.
3	Windows XP Service Pack 2: Is It Time Yet? InformationWeek: A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible.
3	Asian Elephants Threatened by Poachers, Western Zoos (Reuters) Reuters - Illegal poaching and demand from\Western zoos are fueling the extinction of the Asian elephant,\animal welfare groups said Thursday.
1	Putting a Lid on Babe's Brew After their emphatic sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series on Wednesday, the Boston Red Sox no longer need to apologize for their history.
0	Thai PM Explains Detainees' Deaths on TV (AP) AP - Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister said Friday he would set up an independent commission to investigate the deaths of 85 Muslim youths in southern Thailand, including 78 who suffocated or were crushed to death in military custody.
0	Nikkei Flat in Nervous Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average was flat by late\morning trade on Tuesday as falls in oil-related stocks offset\gains in some exporters including auto makers after a retreat\in oil prices eased fears about the global economy.
0	Fresh Floods Kill at Least 26 in the Philippines  MANILA (Reuters) - Floods and landslides caused by heavy  rains killed at least 26 people in the northern and central  Philippines, disaster officials said on Tuesday, a week after  storms left about 160 dead or missing.
2	Microsoft Steps Into the Ring For subscription services such as Napster and RealRhapsody, the entrance of Microsoft into its business space might have the same  quot;Oh no!
1	Prosecutors Drop Kobe Bryant Rape Case The Kobe Bryant rape case was dismissed after the prosecution said the woman who had accused Mr. Bryant of sexual assault would no longer cooperate.
3	Civilization sold off to mystery buyer Struggling publisher Infogrames nets \$22.3 million by hocking its powerhouse strategy franchise to an as-yet unidentified company.
2	GE to Buy SPX Fire Detection Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Electric Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPW.N&lt;/A&gt; for nearly \$1.4 billion in cash in a move to  bolster its building and security systems unit.
3	Electrical giant hits eject on videos ONCE seen as the cutting edge of technology which would change the way we watch television, the video recorder has been usurped by another revolution in home entertainment, the DVD machine.
3	IBM Opens Up Design of Its Blade Servers (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ said it is making the design of its "blade" computer\servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider\acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications\industry.
0	Mozambique Votes to Elect Successor to Chissano  MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambicans began voting on Wednesday in  presidential and parliamentary elections focusing on who will  succeed President Joaquim Chissano, stepping down after 18  years in office.
0	Insurgency threatens Iraq election Iraq #39;s fragile political settlement appeared to be on the brink of collapse last night, with Sunnis, Shias and Kurds divided over whether elections can take place in January as planned.
3	Virgin takes on iPod Virgin Electronics unveiled on Tuesday a digital audio player with a 5GB hard disk, in a bid to penetrate the market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
0	Armitage warns Ukraine to stage free election US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned Ukraine today that a flawed presidential election could have dire consequences for the country #39;s relationship with the West.
2	Markets brace for fresh hurricane Hurricane Frances is pushing up commodity prices and weighing on insurance company stocks as it heads for the Florida coast. Orange juice prices hit nine-month highs on the New York Board of Trade on Thursday 
3	Apache Rejects Microsoft #39;s Sender ID Standard The Apache Software Foundation (ASF), creator of the open-source Apache Web server, noted that it will not support the proposed antispam standard, called Sender ID, because Microsoft #39;s 
2	Greenspan Minimizes Impact of Costly Oil Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday that higher oil prices have had a  quot;noticeable quot; affect on the US economy this year but are not likely to cause serious damage unless they move significantly higher.
1	Walking away THE GAZETTE. ATHENS, Greece - Moments after wrestler Rulon Gardner won an Olympic bronze medal Wednesday, beating an opponent 4 inches taller and 10 years younger, he had another task to perform.
3	Mainstream Companies Seek Charming Programmers Are you a charmer with strong programming skills? Can you find happiness toiling in the IT department of a manufacturer or transportation company?
3	Gadgets We Love (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The new Motorola RAZR V3 is such a smack-me-gorgeous sliver of technolust that you want to keep it up to your ear all the time and show it off, telegraphing how indescribably hip-by-association you are to own it. But you don't get to, see, because it works so well with Motorola's new Bluetooth wireless headset, which frees up your hands for less vainglorious activities, like driving.
0	 #39;He Believed He Was Everything #39; During most of last Thursday Yasir Arafat wouldn #39;t hear of leaving his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment abroad. Though he #39;d lost consciousness the day before and couldn 
1	Liverpool play out frustrating draw Liverpool and Deportivo Coruna produced a lively match but no goals, drawing 0-0 in Champions League Group A at Anfield on Tuesday.
0	Brazil Solid Candidate #39; for UN Council, Powell Says (Update2) The US considers Brazil a solid candidate #39; #39; to join an enlarged United Nations Security Council, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said.
0	Canada congratulates Afghanistan on elections (AFP) AFP - Canada's government offered its congratulations to Afghanistan following landmark presidential elections there this weekend.
3	Apple rip-off claims examined p2pnet.net News:- Britain #39;s Office of Fair Trading (OFT) says it #39;s examining claims that Apple is over-charging British iTunes customers.
2	Target Sees Sales Growth Near 6 Percent (AP) AP - Target Corp. now expects average October sales close to the top of its previous estimate of a 4 percent to 6 percent increase from last year, the discount retailer said Monday.
0	Nigerian rebels target Agip Rome - The Italian oil group Eni said on Sunday that it would continue operations in Nigeria, despite reported threats by a militant group, and denied that its helicopters had been used for military purposes.
0	Iran says nuclear negotiations  quot;complicated but progressing quot; Iran said on Sunday that the nuclear negotiations with the European Union (EU) in Paris were complicated but progressing, the official IRNA news agency reported.
1	Swift Shoaib arrives in style Never one to do things by half, Pakistan speedster Shoaib Akhtar made a Hollywood-like arrival yesterday at his team #39;s first training session of their Australian tour.
1	Midgley carries Cal with career-high 28 It #39;s official: Cal junior Richard Midgley is now a point guard and a shooting guard. Moved to the point four games ago when Ayinde Ubaka broke his foot, Midgley never has shot the ball better.
0	Bomb at Shiite Shrine Kills 7 in Karbala (AP) AP - A bomb targeting a prominent Shiite cleric killed seven people outside one of southern Iraq's holiest shrines Wednesday as campaigning began for Iraq's first post-Saddam elections  #151; a vote that is going ahead despite suicide attacks and assassinations by Sunni insurgents.
3	Opinion: Microsoft  amp; Novell vs. Linux Yeah, you can say that Microsoft has their flaws, and commission companies produce white papers trying to prove that point, but at what point will consumers (in this issue, mainly IT professionals) begin understanding that the cost of employing a Unix 
3	President signs American Jobs Creation Act WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Friday signed tax legislation that provides \$145 billion in new tax relief to U.S. corporations over the next 10 years, including a provision giving a tax break to companies that return income to the U.S. from operations located overseas.
3	Probably best to install Windows update Q: I am not computer intelligent, so I use a tech support company for help. I have read in the paper about Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Windows XP.
1	DiMarco #39;s thoughts on hurricane, then Singh Chris DiMarco carries a burden into the final round of the 84 Lumber Classic today, beyond trying to chase down Vijay Singh. Sitting two shots behind the No.
0	Campaign fails to change attitudes on Iraq: poll (AFP) AFP - For all their fussing and fuming over Iraq, the US presidential candidates have barely made a dent in the basic attitude of Americans towards the war, a new poll suggested.
1	Giants Plan to Honor Bonds' Milestones (AP) AP - The San Francisco Giants will honor Barry Bonds' home run milestones and other achievements as they always have  #151; with great fanfare.
3	Firefox 1.0 limbers up for launch Mozilla will today launch the nearly-final version of Firefox, its open source web browser, ahead of the 1.0 product launch on 9 November.
1	No. 700 for Bonds SAN FRANCISCO -- Though Barry Bonds will treasure his 700th homer, he probably wanted the San Francisco Giants #39; 4-1 victory over San Diego even more.
0	Five US soldiers killed in Iraq FALLUJAH, Iraq. Four US marines were killed in three separate incidents in the restive Al-Anbar province of western Iraq, the US military announced Saturday.
2	\$136 billion corporate tax bill OK #39;d WASHINGTON -- The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package today that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing US exporters in line with international 
3	IBM signs desktop-software partners IBM has signed on 100 software companies to use software from its Workplace initiative, a plan to gain ground in desktop software.
1	Australians close in on victory Five wickets stand between the Australians and victory on the final day against New Zealand to complete a 2-0 win in the series. Set a prohibitive 464 to win in Adelaide, New 
0	Libya praised for IAEA cooperation The UN nuclear watchdog said in a report that Libya has been telling the truth in its declarations on the covert atomic weapons programme which it agreed in December to abandon.
0	SLAIN FILMAKER: Dutch directory made films that questioned Islam A Dutch filmmaker who outraged members of the Muslim community with his works #39; attacks on the treatment of women in Islamic society was gunned down and stabbed to death on an Amsterdam street Tuesday morning.
0	New Myanmar PM directly behind attack on Aung San Suu Kyi: US (AFP) AFP - The new prime minister of military-ruled Myanmar was directly behind an attack on opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her convoy last year, the United States charged.
0	U.S. Military Names More Enemy Combatants (AP) AP - U.S. military review tribunals have ordered five more prisoners to remain held as enemy combatants in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a Navy official said Saturday.
3	Sony Computer to launch worldwide sales of new PS2 console in Nov TOKYO, Sep 21, 2004 (AFX-UK via COMTEX) -- TOKYO (AFX) - Sony Computer Entertainment Inc, the game unit of Sony Corp, will roll out worldwide a new, smaller version of the PlayStation 2 game console from the start of November, company President Ken 
3	S amp;P frowns on Telecom Italia debt (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The company plans to spend  #36;27 billion to buy the 44 of Telecom Italia Mobile it does not already own.
2	Blue Chips Open Lower; Techs Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Blue chips opened lower on Thursday,  weighed down by news that insurer American International Group  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; was being investigated by a federal grand jury, while  techs rose on eBay &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings.
0	Shirking the blame? IT had been a long time coming, but Tony Blair has finally conceded that the evidence about Iraqs weapons of mass destruction was wrong, and he has apologised, to an extent.
0	Russia reports fair weather Moscows approval of the Kyoto Protocol is a major step in bringing the treaty into effect. Fifty-five countries (that emit 55 per cent of the worlds total CO2 emissions) must endorse the Kyoto pact before it can become binding.
3	New handheld consoles fight it out The battle for the hands of gamers is intensifying, with two new portable consoles due out in the UK shortly.
2	Stocks Fall as Oil Hits High  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Exporters led a fall in Asian shares  on Monday as oil prices set new highs near \$47 and data showing  the U.S. trade deficit widened to a record raised fresh concern  about the health of the world's largest economy.
3	 #39;Open Source Solaris #39; to debut this year BURLINGTON, Mass.--Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said Monday.
3	Cells repair Parkinson's damage Monkey stem cells can repair the brain damage caused by Parkinson's disease, researchers have shown.
1	MLB: St. Louis 6, Los Angeels 2 The St. Louis Cardinals advanced to the National League Championship Series Sunday with a 6-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers.
0	U.N. Investigators Arrive in Sudan (AP) AP - U.N. investigators arrived in Sudan to determine if genocide took place in Darfur and investigate reports of human rights violations in the war-torn province, a U.N. spokesman said Monday.
1	Sharapova, Mauresmo Roll While Serena Struggles at WTA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It can #39;t be easy for former No. 1 Serena Williams, struggling to get back into tennis shape, and seeing countrywoman Lindsay Davenport battering 0-and-1 an opponent that the younger Williams sister barely edges 7-6(3), 7-5.
3	Context Within Search and Optimization Context Within Search and Optimization\\A part of the problem in search engines relates to end users (you) expectations of what you will see in search results. I've run a few search query tests on the search engines recently. It's really an ongoing thing. I basically tested various wordings of the ...
0	China Declares Taiwan Proposal a Fraud The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
0	New anti-terror plans The Government is considering tough new anti-terrorism laws amid fears of an al-Qaida attack on Britain. Home Secretary David Blunkett will unveil the new proposals in an interview to be aired today on ITV1 #39;s Jonathan Dimbleby programme.
3	Oracle President Says Bid for PeopleSoft May Be Cut An Oracle executive testified that she expected PeopleSofts earnings would continue to drop in the wake of Oracles hostile takeover bid.
2	Spotlight: Aer Lingus chief #39;s survival guide DUBLIN Willie Walsh, the chief executive of Aer Lingus, holds interviews and meetings in a former chairman #39;s unused office since his own is too messy for visitors, he says.
0	Bush Document Details Military Departure WASHINGTON - The White House said seven months ago that it had released all the records on President Bush's stateside military service during the Vietnam War, yet new records are still dribbling out as Election Day approaches.    The White House on Wednesday night produced a November 1974 document bearing Bush's signature from Cambridge, Mass., where he was attending Harvard Business School, saying he had decided not to continue as a member of the military reserve...
1	Bryans secure US berth in final Bob and Mike Bryan could not stick around at Family Circle Tennis Stadium on Friday night to watch US Davis Cup teammates Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish win their matches against Belarus.
2	US SEC Proposes Stricter IPO Rules Artificially boosting demand for initial public stock offerings and ramping up related commissions would be restricted under rules proposed on Wednesday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
0	Iran rejects European demands over nuclear standoff TEHRAN : Iran rejected European demands that it halt all uranium enrichment activities and described a proposal aimed at ending Tehran #39;s nuclear standoff with the international community as  quot;unbalanced.
1	NL Wrap: Pujols Goes Deep Again as Cardinals Cruise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols belted his major-league  leading 43rd homer and Jim Edmonds followed with a two-run shot  as the St Louis Cardinals eased to a 7-2 win over the San Diego  Padres in National League action Thursday.
2	House Arrest Ends for Ex-Parmalat Chief With his period of house arrest over, former Parmalat boss Calisto Tanzi took a walk in the garden of his villa Monday, following nine months of detention and questioning over the fraud scandal that engulfed his company.
2	AstraZeneca Sues U.S. Generic Drug Maker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drug maker AstraZeneca Plc  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt;&lt;AZN.N&gt; on Thursday said it has sued generic drug maker  KV Pharmaceutical Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KVa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KVa.N&lt;/A&gt; over one of its branded high blood  pressure medications.
3	Vote Fraud Theories, Spread by Blogs, Are Quickly Buried Some Web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
3	Quick Read on Your Genetics A new technology under development in Australia -- geneballs -- may be used to quickly and easily tell you your genetic makeup. By Daith  hAnluain.
3	Study: HP is world #39;s top chip buyer ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1	MR FIXIT: GO FOR LOW SCORE BORE but surely that term no longer exists if we are the opposition. After dismal displays against Slovenia and Norway at Hampden, we simply must win or face World Cup heartache.
2	Gunning to be BMOC Ralph Lauren's latest designs didn't debut on catwalks in New York or Paris but inside a narrow storefront on Newbury Street.
1	Kapler First to Bolt World Series Champs (AP) AP - Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
0	Blast Toll Rises, Afghan Poll Count Near End  KABUL (Reuters) - An American woman and an Afghan girl died  from wounds suffered in a Taliban suicide attack in a popular  Kabul shopping street, U.S. embassy and hospital officials said  on Sunday.
1	Funk Still Gets Cup Spot Though Fred Funk had been rather morose after missing the cut by a stroke in the 86th PGA Championship on Friday, there was great joy on Sunday.
0	 #39;I only wish my dead comrades were here to hear this verdict #39; An independent inquiry called on the Ministry of Defence yesterday to admit the existence of Gulf War syndrome and set aside millions of pounds to compensate sick veterans.
3	Chart: Cable-DSL growth over past 12 months Price cuts and bundles have helped drive steady broadband growth.
1	Major League Baseball News com. The Chicago Cubs opened a one-game lead in the National League Wild Card standings with a 12-5 victory Monday night over the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.
3	Music labels embrace P2P network Wurld Media has concluded agreements with Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group to facilitate the licensing of music exchanged on its peer-to-peer music network.
0	UK Seeking to Corroborate Reports of Hostage Bigley #39;s Death UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
3	Don't Fear Internet Anonymity Tools (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - There are lots of good reasons for 'net anonymity.
0	Asia #39;s Human Bird Flu Toll Reaches 31 BANGKOK, Thailand Oct. 4, 2004 - The human toll from bird flu reached 31 on Monday when Thailand confirmed a 9-year-old girl died from the disease, while Indonesia announced that it was among the countries 
0	After Chaotic Procession, Arafat Is Laid to Rest on West Bank Yasir Arafat was laid to rest in a marble-and-stone grave today in Ramallah, on the West Bank, after his flag-draped coffin was carried through a crowd of chanting Palestinians 
0	Arafat and Palestinians The land traditionally known as Palestine has been an unsettled international issue since the end of World War I. In 1947, the United Nations proposed dividing the land into Arab and Jewish countries, with Jerusalem under international administration.
2	Coke Enterprises Outlook Disappoints Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest bottler of Coca-Cola soft drinks, on Thursday forecast its earnings in 2005 would be at 
0	China Explains Sub Incursion Facing strong protests, China broke a week-long silence Tuesday and offered Japan its first explanation about a Chinese submarine that Tokyo said intruded into Japanese territorial 
3	 #39;World #39;s largest grid #39; demonstrated The grid is made up of over 6,000 machines, with over 1,000 in the UK alone, in 78 countries as part of the Large Hadron Collider Computing Grid (LCG) - the world #39;s largest and first permanent grid, destined to carry out research into particle physics.
2	Dutch unions, employers and government reach agreement on austerity measures (AFP) AFP - Dutch unions, employers' organisations and the government reached an agreement on the government's hotly contested austerity and reform plans.
3	UK  #39;Ministry of Porn #39; crackdown p2pnet.net News:- UK civil servants have been fired and  quot;disciplined quot; in a crackdown on Net porn at work, says Britain #39;s The Sun newspaper here.
3	Earth Reveals Its Sensitive Side Researchers look back millions of years to predict how the Earth may react to current elevated levels of carbon dioxide. They say our planet appears more vulnerable to the greenhouse gas than previously believed. By Stephen Leahy.
2	UnitedHealth to Buy Definity Health  CHICAGO (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UNH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UNH.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it would buy Definity Health Corp. for \$300  million, as the No. 1 U.S. health insurer seeks to offer more  health savings accounts, which give consumers incentives to  rein in health costs.
0	Democrat ad presses Iraq attack John Kerry accuses President George W Bush of incompetence over Iraq in a hard-hitting TV campaign ad.
2	State wineries are hoping to toast a major windfall WASHINGTON -- In a case that could yield a bonanza for Washington state #39;s expanding wine industry, the Supreme Court yesterday was asked to dismantle Depression-era laws that prohibit consumers from buying wine directly from out-of-state producers.
0	Hungarian Socialists choose alternatives as new prime minister (AFP) AFP - Hungary's ruling Socialist Party approved two alternative candidates to replace outgoing prime minister Peter Medgyessy who resigned after a row with his liberal coalition partners.
2	Carrier marks 75th anniversary amid union protest With healthy profits and a bankruptcy reorganization nearing completion, Hawaiian Airlines marked its 75th anniversary Thursday with a festive ceremony at its Honolulu airport ticketing lobby.
2	EU warns Italy on Alitalia stake The Italian state must give up its majority stake in troubled Alitalia when the airline sells new shares, the EU warns.
2	ATA stock soars on merger speculation ATA Holdings Corp. #39;s stock price surged 22 percent this morning then settled to an eight-percent gain on renewed speculation the troubled Indianapolis airline is discussing a merger with America West Airlines.
3	IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record By ELLEN SIMON    NEW YORK (AP) -- IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer...
1	Coaching change won #39;t help Dolphins win Here #39;s what you didn #39;t hear from the Dolphins on Tuesday: You didn #39;t hear anyone suggest this day helps them win. You didn #39;t hear anyone pretend this franchise is improved.
0	Ex-Detainee Leading Pakistani Militants A former  prisoner at the U.S. Navy facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, thought to have forged ties with al Qaeda since his release is leading a militant band whose members kidnapped two Chinese engineers in a lawless region of Pakistan near the Afghan border.
3	Second Career for Old Robot: Art A German art group reprograms old assembly-line robots to become autonomous artists. The machines draw, spin tunes and dance in public. The group wants to show that the industrial beasts can create beauty. By David Cohn.
2	One Value-Priced Biotechnology Giant As investors waited anxiously for Amgen #39;s (Nasdaq: AMGN) earnings report, the United Kingdom #39;s high court snuck in with a stinker.
3	Unleash the Warrior November 22, 2004 - By now, you should already know that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is going to reveal a more serious, a more aggressive main character that kicks 50 more ass than he did in the previous game.
2	Future for Kraft is less sweet Kraft Foods last night posted a 3.8 drop in quarterly profit, weighed down by higher marketing spend and increased costs for cheese, coffee and other materials.
0	US Attacks Falluja Rebels, Aid Convoy on Move (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Marines lobbed mortar rounds\at rebels in Falluja Saturday during a five-day-old assault\that has caused a "catastrophe" for civilians there and fueled\a revolt in Iraq's northern city of Mosul.
2	Feds forecast better 2005 WASHINGTON - The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 on Friday in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.
2	Update 1: Qantas Says Oil Prices Will Boost Charges Australian flag carrier Qantas on Friday raised fuel surcharges on domestic and international tickets, blaming the skyrocketing price of crude oil prices. 
0	Russia Seals Off Siege School Region  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin  ordered security forces to seal off a southern region amid  fears some Chechen hostage-takers may have escaped the storming  of a siege school which killed at least 250 people.
1	NFL games on TV Comments: The Seahawks are going for the first 4-0 start in franchise history. They lead the league in defense (242.3 ypg), having yielded only 13 points so far this season.
0	Israeli woman killed in Palestinian mortar attac An Israeli woman was killed yesterday after Palestinian militants fired a mortar shell at a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip, provoking further anger among settlers over Prime 
3	Web Sites Spoof Bush, Kerry With Parodies (AP) AP - If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
1	Johnson Has Two Goals, Burn Beat Fire 4-1 (AP) AP - Eddie Johnson had two goals and Ronnie O'Brien added a goal and two assists to lead the Dallas Burn to a 4-1 victory over the Chicago Fire on Saturday night.
1	Kobe Bryant's Accuser Apologized for 'Mix-Up' (Reuters) Reuters - The woman who accused basketball star\Kobe Bryant of rape apologized to police at one stage for\providing confusing information, according to court documents\released on Friday.
2	The right time for a long drive is... now MUMBAI: If you are thinking of buying a new car, you may as well bring forward your decision as interest rates on new car loans are likely to see a 25-50 basis points hike.
1	Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title (AP) AP - With his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title by the closest Olympics margin ever.
3	Change in the Chinese Wind Looking for ways to satisfy a growing need for power and reduce pollution, China is turning to wind power, along with other green alternatives. By Stephen Leahy.
2	Far Fewer Jobs Were Added in November Than Forecast The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
1	Olympics: Ireland #39;s O #39;Connor claims Olympic show jumping gold ATHENS : Ireland #39;s Cian O #39;Connor, riding Waterford Crystal, won the Olympic individual show jumping title at the Markopoulo equestrian centre.
3	Americans = security idiots The National Cyber Security Alliance is talking to us in a language we can understand. The NCSA polled American computer users and found that 90 could remember when Janet Jackson flashed the country, but 
1	Anthony supplies win, atonement Boston - Three key Nuggets redeemed themselves Wednesday at the FleetCenter in the time it takes to microwave popcorn. That allowed Denver to atone for its mistake-laden loss at Philadelphia the previous night 
0	Workers suspect in bomb scare WORKERS at Sydney airport have emerged as the prime suspects for the planting of a suspicious package in the cargo bay of a Virgin Blue 737 aircraft on Monday.
2	Oil prices climb towards 55 dollars LONDON (AFP) - World oil prices marched towards 55 dollars on worries about low stocks of US heating fuel and tight crude supplies, amid strong demand ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
3	Silicon sensors could save lives German scientists are working on tiny portable sensors that can spot health problems very early.
0	Cricket: Zimbabwe tour go-ahead English cricket authorities give the national team the go-ahead to tour Zimbabwe.
3	Teenager indicted over Sasser computer worm Verden - German prosecutors on Wednesday indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralysed millions of computers around the world last year.
3	Briefly: Mozilla makes Japanese push roundup Plus: Macromedia offers Flash video tool...UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract...Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link.
1	Passing Colts Have Edge in Ground Game (AP) AP - Edgerrin James is back to his old ways. Eluding tacklers with knee-buckling cuts and spins, dropping his shoulder to finish runs, he's giving the Indianapolis Colts the runner they need to keep defenses honest.
0	Just 3 of 18 candidates for president attend debate KABUL, Afghanistan -- It was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe-shaped table yesterday droning out near-identical speeches outlining plans to fight corruption, exploit the nation's untapped copper and gold resources, and improve pay for civil servants.
1	 quot;Other quot; starters chip in for Storm Even with its MVP forward and All-Star point guard, the Storm was a flawed team. It was predictable, relying too heavily on the tandem of Lauren Jackson and Sue Bird.
3	Cisco Fights Aggressively In Telecom Space Cisco Systems, which has been under growing competitive pressure lately in the high-end router space, announced a series of initiatives this week designed to improve its market position, as well as bolster its relationship with telecom service providers.
1	Twins sign Mulholland to minor league deal MINNEAPOLIS - The Minnesota Twins and 41-year-old left-hander Terry Mulholland agreed to terms Thursday on a minor-league contract with an invitation to spring training.
1	Muller upsets Agassi in semis Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller is ranked so low he has to qualify next week just to see if he can even get into the US Open in less than two weeks.
0	Barents Sea 'faces major threats' The pristine Arctic waters of the Barents Sea are overfished and face serious pollution problems, the UN says.
3	Month by Month, a Tiny Baby's Hard-Won Pounds Somewhere between 6 and 9 months of age, she stopped gaining weight and I started worrying.
2	EU attempts to make stability and growth pact flexible Plans to revamp the euro #39;s battered rulebook won key backing yesterday, as the European Commission bowed to the inevitable and called for more flexible implementation of the single currency #39;s widely flouted rules.
2	Challenge over Enron extradition Three former bankers are due in court to face an extradition hearing in connection with the collapsed energy giant Enron.
3	Planetary Society sets date for launch of solar sail spacecraft PASADENA, Calif. There could be something new under the sun next year -- the first controlled flight by a spaceship designed to run off solar wind.
3	Critical JPEG security flaw leaves Windows users vulnerable Microsoft issued a patch for what it says is a  quot;critical quot; security flaw in the way Windows programs handle JPEG images. According to a security bulletin accompanying the patch, the flaw 
3	MSN Delays New IM Client Beta MSN has delayed by a week the start of its beta for its MSN Messenger 7 instant-messaging client until some time next week. MSN officials had said the company planned to commence the MSN Messenger 7 beta this 
3	Panel Urges Washington to Finance Fast Computer The panel of scientists also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high-performance computing.
3	Part of the ECT News Network The Gnome Foundation today released a new version of its popular Linux desktop. The new release, Gnome version 2.8, boosts speed and usability and offers several new features, the foundation said in a statement.
2	McDonald's Profits In-Line with Estimates  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a  higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,  helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit.
1	Canadian Brodeur's Wrist Feeling Better (AP) AP - Martin Brodeur casually strolled through Canada's dressing room on Sunday with a noticeable wrap on his injured left wrist.
2	Job cuts jump in September Planned job cuts announced by employers hit an eight-month high of 107,863 in September, 41 percent more than a year ago, according to a monthly report released Tuesday by outplacement firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas, Inc.
2	Nikkei Dips Down, Yen Weighs on Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average edged down  by midsession on Monday after erasing opening gains as investor  caution over the yen's rise offset optimism about the  post-election outlook for Wall Street.
3	Suit by Cities Says Microsoft Overcharged icrosoft, which has agreed to pay \$1.8 billion to settle consumer antitrust suits, has been sued by California munciplaties, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, over claims that the company overcharged them for its Windows software.
0	Death Toll Nears 700 from Haiti Flooding  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - The death toll in Haiti  from flooding and mudslides triggered by Tropical Storm Jeanne  rose above 660 on Tuesday and government officials were still  struggling to reach areas cut off by flood waters.
0	Ukraine Opposition Flexes Muscles After Victory  KIEV (Reuters) - Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko, fresh  from securing a re-run of Ukraine's disputed election, tore up  a deal on Saturday to reduce the president's powers and told  his supporters to keep up pressure on the streets.
1	Lewis pleads guilty; will serve 4 months Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty yesterday to using a cellphone to try to set up a drug deal and will be sentenced to four months in prison, to be served after the regular season ends in January.
0	Ecstasy link to Europe gang war THREE massive seizures of ecstasy over the past six months, including a record 820kg bust on Saturday, could stem from a war among European organised criminals trying to carve out a market in Australia.
0	Russian hits McDonald's with coffee burn lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - Almost 15 years after McDonald's brought a taste of America to impoverished\Russians, a 37-year-old Muscovite has hit the firm with a U.S.-style lawsuit over a spilled cup of\coffee, Russian media has reported.
3	ICANN Negotiates New Domains Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window:  quot;.post quot; to identify the postal community and  quot;.
2	Office Depot: CEO out, former NFL president in Bruce Nelson has left the depot. The chairman and chief executive officer at Delray Beach-based Office Depot (NYSEL ODP) has resigned, which the office supply retailer said was by mutual agreement with the board of directors.
1	Johan Santana set the Twins #39; single-season club record with 265 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MINNEAPOLIS -- For much of the 2004 season, Twins pitcher Johan Santana didn #39;t just beat opposing hitters. Often, he overwhelmed and owned them in impressive fashion.
1	Minnesota #39;s newest star is a rookie with game It was a smooth deflection -- as fluid as the floating, twisting, game-turning layup Nicole Ohlde had been asked about a few seconds earlier.
0	Bush says delaying vote would send 'wrong signal' WASHINGTON -- President Bush joined the interim president of Iraq yesterday in insisting that Iraqi elections be held Jan. 30, saying that keeping to the election schedule will deter insurgents and quicken the pace toward peace and democracy in Iraq.
2	Ovitz: Disney Execs Knew of Agency Pact GEORGETOWN, Del. - Michael Ovitz, Walt Disney Co. #39;s former president, said Thursday it was  quot;common knowledge quot; while he was at Disney that he was receiving payments for selling his stake in the talent agency he co-founded.
2	Kmart to sell 18 stores to Home Depot NEW YORK - Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to Home Depot Inc. for \$271 million.
1	Vogts #39; job is safe for now - SFA Chief Scottish Football Association chief executive David Taylor has again insisted that Berti Vogts #39; job is secure, for the immediate future at least.
0	Electricity Goes Off Across Bahrain (AP) AP - Electricity went out across Bahrain on Monday, leaving people without air conditioning on a day when temperatures were expected to reach 130, snarling rush hour traffic and sending businesses and the U.S. Navy to their generators.
3	Apple in cybersquatting fight over iTunes US computer giant Apple is locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22-year-old London Internet whiz kid over the itunes.co.uk website, a domain the company wants for its chain of iTunes online music stores.
0	Chinese official moved as Hu consolidates power China #39;s Communist Party chief Hu Jintao moved a close political ally out of a problem-plauged province on Monday and analysts say he will make more personnel changes as he continues to consolidate power.
0	Karzai Victorious in Afghan Elections With his inauguration to a five-year term a month away, the US-backed Karzai already is under pressure to ditch his coalition with powerful warlords and tackle a booming narcotics industry that has become a major economic force in one of the world #39;s 
2	Russia's Gazprom to bid for Yukos unit The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said yesterday -- a move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.
0	Iranian president calls for dialogue between Muslim world and the West (AFP) AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the Muslim world and the West to stop blaming each other and start a dialogue between their two different cultures.
0	PM notes lack of vision OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham had failed to outline a plan for future management of the national economy in his speech at Labor #39;s campaign launch yesterday, Prime Minister John Howard said.
0	Canberra forgives Iraq #39;s \$1.1bn debt CANBERRA will excuse Iraq \$1.1 billion that it owes Australia as the war-torn nation attempts to get back on its feet financially.
1	Jets: Edwards says Pennington is still hurting Jets coach Herman Edwards said yesterday that Chad Pennington still has some discomfort in his right arm, lingering effects of a strained rotator cuff.
2	Pfizer Posts Higher Earnings on Drug Sales Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
2	SunTrust Will Restate First and Second Quarter Earnings The company has placed chief credit officer Sandra W. Jansky and controller Jorge Arrieta on paid administrative leave until the review is completed.
0	Bush, Kerry Duel Over Health Care Plans (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry said Wednesday night that President Bush bears responsibility for a misguided war in Iraq, lost jobs at home and mounting millions without health care. The Republican incumbent tagged his rival in campaign debate as a lifelong liberal bent on raising taxes and government spending.
3	Virtual 3D heart to treat babies Virtual reality techniques are helping Danish doctors diagnose heart defects in newborn babies.
1	Nets' Jefferson Helps Handicapped Girl (AP) AP - Richard Jefferson hasn't forgotten the lessons taught by his missionary parents. A couple of hours before a brawl between Indiana and Detroit gave the NBA a black eye last week, Jefferson quietly showed the charitable side of the league's players.
1	Moorcroft Would Back Radcliffe Bid David Moorcroft believes Paula Radcliffe is capable of making the impossible possible by competing in the Olympic 10,000metres in Athens.
3	Sun changing course on Itanium plans--again Sun doesn't want to bring its Solaris operating sytem to Intel's Itanium chip. This week.
1	Martin holds on for third win in Rally Catalunya Motorsport.com. Markko Martin, never known as a tarmac specialist, took his second win in a row, and again on an asphalt rally, claiming the win Rally Catalunya by 23.
1	Ohio State knocks Clarett #39;s allegations Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel and the school #39;s athletics director, Andy Geiger, defended the besieged program Tuesday -eiger delivering a vigorous 
0	Oracle's Earnings Top Expectations SAN FRANCISCO - Business software maker Oracle Corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc.    The Redwood Shores-based company said Tuesday it earned \$509 million, or 10 cents per share, during the three months ended in August, a 16 percent improvement from \$440 million, or 8 cents per share, at the same time last year...
2	JAIL GETS MAKEOVER ALDERSON, W.Va. - The federal lockup Martha Stewart will call home for the next five months is getting a makeover just in time for domestic diva #39;s arrival this week.
1	Frazier Advances at ASB Women's Classic (AP) AP - Top-seeded Amy Frazier advanced to the second round of the ASB Women's Classic on Monday with a 6-3, 6-3 win over fellow American Laura Granville.
2	James Hardie CEO and CFO stand aside The chief executive and chief financial officer of embattled building products company James Hardie Industries have stood aside in the wake of the findings of a special inquiry into the company #39;s asbestos liabilities.
0	Sudan gov #39;t, rebels in Darfur to meet A new round of peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebels in the Darfur region will deal with security arrangements so thousands of people can return to their villages 
3	Fake Drug Sales Problematic in Mexico By MARK STEVENSON      MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexican authorities are investigating the sale of fake or substandard medicine in a border town so popular among Americans seeking cheap medications that it has more pharmacies than streets.    U.S...
1	Two in a row for hot Molik ALICIA Molik has become the first Australian in 17 years to win consecutive WTA Tour titles, defeating Russia #39;s Dinara Safina in the final of the Luxembourg Open.
0	FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warnings WASHINGTON - All antidepressants must carry a "black box" warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday.    Because the warnings are primarily seen by doctors, the agency also is creating a medication guide for patients to advise them of the risk...
2	Stocks climb as oil falls By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Investors once again shrugged off volatility in the oil patch Friday and pushed stock prices modestly higher.
0	Report: Egypt brokers Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire, peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The official news agency of Egypt says leaders there have reached an understanding with Israel, the Palestinians, the United States and Europe.
0	Report: China's Imports of Steel Fall (AP) AP - China's steel imports declined over the first nine months of the year in reaction to higher international prices, while exports soared, state media reported Friday.
1	NHL union head: Season in doubt NHL union head Bob Goodenow said Tuesday that locked-out players remain unified and that the season is in serious jeopardy. Im hopeful that there will be a season, but 
2	Cairn owes millions to India The British oil exploration firm Cairn Energy may owe the Indian government more than \$6.9m (3.8m) in a dispute over an Indian oilfield, the company said yesterday.
0	Russians 'missing' in Egypt blast At least one Russian is dead and 12 others are missing after the bomb blast at an Egyptian hotel, officials say.
3	Experts Place Ancient Toolmakers on a Fast Track to Northern China A discovery of 1.66 million-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across Asia at a relatively rapid clip.
3	Apple flogs new gear as gossip grows At a briefing in Dublin on Monday, Apple UK  amp; Ireland executives were on hand to discuss about two years #39; worth of Apple products and services, including iTunes, the iPod, the new iMac G5 (which recently launched in Ireland) and the firm #39;s suite of iLife 
1	Right on course He will tell you the story because it embodies so much of who he is and where he came from. There is no denying he became hooked on golf at an early age -- 7 to be precise -- and that he was a genuine phenom and that he could never get enough of it.  quot;I was very ...
0	Australian opposition leader hospitalised with pancreatitis CANBERRA : Australian opposition leader Mark Latham is in hospital with an inflamed pancreas, his office said. 
2	Big 3 report \$911M loss Delta Air Lines will virtually eliminate its hub in Dallas that once was key to its long-term strategy. American Airlines will shutter its operations at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Bohemia.
0	Party tries to put 'Tory' back into victory At Britain's Conservative Party's conference this week, leaders planned how to regain power.
1	Gregan agrees Wallabies contract Australia captain George Gregan is set to sign a new three-year contract to take him through to the 2007 World Cup. Sydney #39;s Daily Telegraph newspaper claimed the 31-year-old scrum-half is ready to put pen to paper on the deal.
3	JFK, Bush, and the Canadian media Last Monday, on the 41 st anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, a video game called JFK Reloaded was released for sale.
0	Two bombs explode in Spain's northwest, ETA suspected (AFP) AFP - Two bombs exploded in two coastal towns in northwestern Spain, after an anonymous tip-off by a caller claiming to belong to the Basque separatist organization ETA, an interior ministry spokesman told AFP.
0	Indonesia Police Step Up Hunt for Bombers (AP) AP - Indonesian police found traces of the explosives used in the suicide bombing of the Australian Embassy inside a room rented by the two alleged bombmakers, the national police chief said Saturday.
0	Militant Group Says It Downed Russian Jets (AP) AP - A claim of responsibility for the downing of two Russian planes appeared on a Web site known for militant Muslim comment Friday.
3	On the Web, Branding Is Back Honda #39;s experience is being played out all over the Web, prompting experts to predict a rebirth in brand advertising online. These ads -- which are generally rich media, meaning they include 
2	AMD posts profit over loss in Q3 Reported profit of \$44 million for third quarter over a loss of \$31 million a year ago and predicts 10 increase in sales for the 4th quarter.
0	White House Proposes Cuts in Salmon Areas (AP) AP - The Bush administration Tuesday proposed large cuts in federally designated areas in the Northwest and California meant to aid the recovery of threatened or endangered salmon. Protection would focus instead on rivers where the fish now thrive.
1	Mourinho is focused on CSKA clash Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is refusing to let the drug scandal surrounding Romanian striker Adrian Mutu overshadow his side #39;s game with CSKA Moscow.
0	Several Explosions Reported in Spain At least four explosive devices detonated Monday around Spain after telephone warnings from callers claiming to speak on behalf of the armed Basque separatist group ETA, news report said.
3	IBM Adds Fingerprint Sensor to ThinkPads IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad notebook chassis and will offer 
2	Southwest Mulls Ending Unique Seating Southwest Airlines, the discount carrier that has long stuck to its policy of seating passengers on a first-come, first-served basis, is seriously considering assigning seats, officials said.
3	Nintendo Prepares Weekend Launch of New Handheld  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A generation of children grew up  playing Nintendo Co. Ltd.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; Game Boy handheld video  game system, and now that they've grown up, Nintendo has a new  toy for them.
3	Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and Samsung  Electronics &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday they had agreed to  share patents on basic technology to speed up product  development and avoid adding to a growing number of  cross-border patent disputes.
2	HBOS opts to reject making bid for Abbey LONDON HBOS said on Wednesday that it would not bid for Abbey National, clearing the way for Santander Central Hispano #39;s 8.7 billion takeover of the No.
3	Octopus Doesn't Give Up on Motherhood (AP) AP - IN AN OCTOPUS'S NURSERY: Aurora, a female giant octopus who hit it off with an elderly male of the species at the Alaska Sealife Center in May, had been tending thousands of eggs ever since. Her sweetheart, J-1, died in September.
1	Catch me if you can By Will Lloyd. The college football season is two-thirds complete, yet it #39;s the last third of it that is sure to bring excitement and surprises, especially in the race to win the Heisman Trophy.
1	C-USA Officials Vote on League Title Game (AP) AP - Conference USA athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
1	Parlow hat trick keeps US tour perfect Nomar Garciaparra, the Cubs shortstop, had his choice in sports viewing Wednesday night. He could watch the baseball playoffs on television in a Soldier Field skybox or focus on his wife playing soccer on the beat-up turf below.
3	Symantec releases patching tool Security company Symantec Corp. plans to announce the release of a patch management product on Monday that it says will enable small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) to stay on top of software vulnerabilities.
1	Safin win puts pressure on Henman Marat Safin defeated David Nalbandian to lift the Madrid Masters trophy and leapfrog Tim Henman in the race to qualify for the Masters Cup.
3	SGI launches Linux-based visual computer line Silicon Graphics (SGI) has launched the successor line to its Onyx visualization systems. Called Prism, the systems will be based on Intel #39;s Itanium 2 processor and the Linux operating system.
1	Lack of Clutch Hitting Hurts Cards Again (AP) AP - The National League's best offense is off to a feeble start in the World Series, and the St. Louis Cardinals' chances are sagging along with it.
1	Yankees Blow Lead but Beat Twins 13-10 (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins.
3	How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing\\The core element of any type of marketing utilizing the search engines is the keyword. Why is it so important? In terms of general marketing principles keyword search is equivalent to targeting a niche. It can help you focus your advertisements on certain ...
2	U.S. Economy Added 144,000 Jobs in August The pace of job creation picked up modestly in August and the unemployment rate edged down, the Labor Dept. said.
2	Apple Up After Analysts Raise Target Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares jumped as much as 16 percent on Monday, to their highest level in more than 4 years, after a Wall Street analyst nearly doubled his price target on the stock.
1	Hamilton takes gold in time trial ATHENS, Greece - The United States took gold and bronze in the men #39;s Olympic cycling individual time trial on Wednesday with Tyler Hamilton topping the podium and his team Bobby Julich finishing third. 
3	New IRS accounting system, a year late, nears completion With the deployment of a new financial accounting system for the IRS running a year late, officials involved with the project now say it will go live in October.
2	Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain US jobless claims rose unexpectedly last week in more worrying news for the labor market, government data showed on Thursday, while other indicators offered more positive signals for the economy.
0	Militants threaten to decapitate trio Militants threatened to decapitate two Americans and a Briton being held hostage unless their demands were met within 48 hours. In northern Iraq a car bomb killed at least 21 people and wounded 67 yesterday.
0	Myanmar appoints new PM in major cabinet reshuffle Myanmar State Peace and DevelopmentCouncil (SPDC) on Tuesday carried out a major government reshuffle,removing Prime Minister General Khin Nyunt from post and appointing Lieut.
1	Frenchman wins Champ-car title He won the season-ending Champ-car Mexican Grand Prix, leading wire-to-wire to take his seventh victory of the 14-race season. Pole-sitter Bourdais began the race with a 22-point lead over front-row neighbour Bruno Junqueira.
0	S.Korea,Japan Urge North to Resume Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of Japan and South Korea\jointly urged North Korea on Friday to return to talks aimed at\ending its nuclear weapons program and agreed imposing economic\sanctions now on Pyongyang would thwart such efforts.
2	Gartner: Third Of Top PC Vendors Gone In Three Years Three of the top 10 PC vendors will be pushed out of the business by 2007, research firm Gartner predicted Monday. By Gregg Keizer.
0	Sinn Fein Cast Doubt on Chances of N.Irish Deal  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, the  political ally of the IRA, cast doubt Saturday on whether a  deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland could be  struck with its arch foes, led by firebrand cleric Ian Paisley,  at talks next week.
0	French hospital denies reports PARIS - A hospital official in France on Thursday denied reports that Yasser Arafat had died as the result of an undisclosed illness.
1	Jeanne forces longer wait for first win With enough off-field distractions - Rickys \$8.6 million IOU and a storm named Jeanne -his weeks game against Pittsburgh, whenever it kicks off, should be a welcome distraction for the winless Dolphins.
1	Arsenal unstoppable? So far Arsenal extended its English Premiership unbeaten streak to 49 games last weekend with a 3-1 humbling of Aston Villa that had Gunners manager Arsene Wenger talking as if he had a team of Picassos.
2	Wireless Business Helps Lucent Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt;, among  the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on  Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose, helped by improvement  in its wireless networks business, which makes base stations  and other products.
2	Numbers in dispute as OT rules kick in WASHINGTON -- Paychecks could surge or shrink for a few or for millions of workers across the country starting today, when sweeping changes to overtime pay rules take effect.
2	Officials Forecast Hope for Victims of Hurricane State officials say the statewide slowdown caused by Hurricane Charley, with estimated losses of \$20 billion, will probably last no more than a month or two.
0	Kean Leaving Drew U., No N.J. Run Planned (AP) AP - The chairman of the Sept. 11 commission, former New Jersey Gov. Thomas H. Kean, will retire as president of Drew University in the spring, the school announced Thursday. Kean will have spent 15 years at the liberal arts school in Madison.
2	Economists see GDP easing to 4.3 US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending, but improved business confidence should help hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
1	Colangelo resigns as CEO of D-Backs Jerry Colangelo has resigned his position as chief executive officer of the Arizona Diamondbacks, effective immediately, handing the reins of the organization to CEO Elect Jeff Moorad.
3	BUZZ: Google your hard drive Google brought the simplicity of its popular Internet search engine to the computer desktop last week, releasing software that allows people to use its home page to search their hard drives for documents, e-mail messages and other hard-to-find files.
1	NCAA Game Summary - Florida at Tennessee Knoxville, TN (Sports Network) - James Wilhoit atoned for a missed extra point by kicking a 50-yard field goal in the closing seconds to lift No.
1	No longer wrestling with job FOXBOROUGH -- Physically, Stephen Neal has seldom been overmatched in his athletic endeavors. A 6-foot-4-inch, 305-pound offensive lineman with the Patriots, Neal has held his own grappling with NFL defensive linemen, much the way he did with opponents on the wrestling mat at Cal State-Bakersfield, winning a pair of NCAA Division 1 titles. But ask Neal about the most daunting ...
1	Venezuelans celebrate Johan Santana #39;s triumph as AL Cy Young Award &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana #39;s award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. Honking car horns as they heard the news on the radio and glued to television 
1	SA Rugby set to score big with Super 14 The Super 12 will become a Super 14 with additional teams in Australia and South Africa and the Tri-Nations will be expanded to nine matches between the Springboks, the Wallabies and the All Blacks.
0	Despite G.O.P. Gain, Fight Over Judges Remains Although Republicans made significant gains on Election Day, their majority of 55 senators still falls five votes short of the 60 needed to break a Democratic filibuster.
0	Fired-up US union leader lambasts Bush at British workers' conference (AFP) AFP - The leader of the main US firefighters' union rallied behind Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ahead of November elections, saying it was the right time for George W. Bush to be voted out.
1	Union Appeals, Pacers Protest and 2 Fans Sue The N.B.A. Players Association filed an appeal to Commissioner David Stern over the suspensions of the Pacers' Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O'Neal.
0	World Briefs Column A family tug-of-war over whether to reveal Yasser Arafat #39;s cause of death bubbled over in public yesterday, with a brother of the late leader insisting the Palestinian people are entitled to know.
2	Update 1: Yukos Cuts Output Forecast, Shares Fall Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos announced Monday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against the company #39;s crushing back taxes bill from its frozen bank accounts.
2	Construction Spending Hits All-Time High Construction spending sprang back to life in July, rising to the highest level on record, the government reported Wednesday.
2	For \$600 a Week, Screen-Side Seats to Lawsuit Involving Disney A Delaware court next Monday will begin considering the shareholder lawsuit over the \$140 million severance that Walt Disney paid its former president Michael S. Ovitz.
2	Sears and Kmart in \$11bn merger Wall Street analysts were sent reeling by the surprise \$11 billion (6bn) merger of retailers Sears Roebuck and Kmart. The deal, which was unanimously approved by both companies 
1	Hopkins #39; big win, bigger paydays Bernard Hopkins seeks to cash in on his knockout of Oscar De La Hoya, who must ponder an uncertain future. By wire services. LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain for once, full of big fights and even bigger paydays.
0	In Sadr City, Stalking the Enemy Lair American soldiers venture out of their bases into dangerous streets, confronting myriad of  unseen risks.
3	Nanotech's new definition Everyone seems to have a different definition of nanotechnology, each one deficient in its own way. Missing Links
1	LA restructures baseball operations Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta restructured his baseball operations department with two new hires and a promotion on Tuesday.
2	Cutting back the paper A new federal law takes effect Oct. 28, increasing odds that a check will bounce if you pay now, deposit later -- counting on the time that can be taken in processing a check to cover what ends up as a withdrawal from your account.
0	Iran develops key nuclear metal AP - Iranian scientists have developed technology to produce zirconium, a key metal used in the heart of a nuclear reactor to produce nuclear fuel, a top nuclear official said Monday.
3	Microsoft extends legal protection to most users In a bid to further differentiate itself from its Linux rivals, Microsoft has said it will expand its legal indemnification programme to cover almost all its customers.
0	U.N. Chief Urges Warning on Sudan Fighting (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan urged the Security Council to issue "the strongest warning" to all forces fighting in Sudan, saying that ending a 21-year civil war in the country's south would also help halt a humanitarian catastrophe in its Darfur region.
1	Klitschko unimpressed by Lewis comeback hint By Anthony Evans in Las Vegas pic by Mr Will : WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko has welcomed the news that bitter rival Lennox Lewis is considering a comeback with derision.
3	Lost? Your Phone Knows a Way Out (Reuters) Reuters - Back when everyone\believed the world was flat, people thought these rocky shores\on Spain's windswept "coast of death" were the end of the\world. In today's world, you only need a mobile phone to get\there ... and back.
0	China rejects Taiwan talks appeal China rejects the Taiwan leader's call for peace talks and warns against moves towards independence.
1	Tennis: Roddick Reaches Second Round of Thailand Open Second seed Andy Roddick of the United States has easily reached the second round of the Thailand Open tennis tournament in Bangkok with a straight-set win over Arvind Parmar of Britain, 6-1, 6-4.
0	Teen kills 3 classmates. The rampage at the Islas Malvinas Middle School No. 2 in the south-eastern corner of Buenos Aires province touched off an intense nationwide debate about spiralling school violence in Argentina.
0	Pentagon: Ex-Detainees Return to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, said Lt...
1	Dale Jr. slips to 2nd after slip of tongue The exuberant utterance of a four-letter word could end up costing Dale Earnhardt Jr., stock-car racing #39;s most popular driver, his first NASCAR championship and has touched off 
2	Update 2: Insurers Suffer Record Catastrophe Losses The property insurance industry sustained record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, including a string of hurricanes, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
0	Romania-Centered Quake Rattled Turkey, Moldova, Ukraine The earthquake, which hit Romania and rattled Bulgaria late on Wednesday, has also been felt across portions of Turkey, Moldova and Ukraine, Turkey #39;s private NTV television reported.
1	Cowboys win their stadium game vote The Dallas Cowboys scored a major victory in Arlington Tuesday as a referendum to build them a stadium passed convincingly. With at least two-thirds of Arlington #39;s ballots counted Tuesday night, 54 percent 
0	Clinton to Democrats: Discuss Convictions (AP) AP - Former President Clinton, noting an "astonishing turnout among evangelical Christians" in this year's election, warned Tuesday that Democrats "cannot be nationally competitive when we don't feel comfortable talking about our convictions."
0	Kawaguchi out as foreign minister as Koizumi reshuffles cabinet TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi appointed Nobutaka Machimura to succeed Yoriko Kawaguchi as foreign minister in a cabinet reshuffle Monday, while retaining Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda and Finance Minister Sadakazu Tanigaki.
2	The case against cutting oil output As ministers from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries meet in Cairo, there are calls for cuts in output to prevent the slide in oil prices accelerating with the seasonal decline in demand in the spring.
1	Giants: Punt returns a top priority In his never-ending search for areas that need improvement, coach Tom Coughlin found one in the phase of the game he is known to emphasize: special teams.
2	Warner Chilcott gets bid approach Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds.
1	NBA's young Bobcats add experience in Smith (AFP) AFP - The Charlotte Bobcats signed shooting guard Steve Smith, a National Basketball Association veteran who brings a wealth of experience to the expansion team.
1	Players, at charity game, express hope of having season ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Some NHL players who took part in a charity hockey game at the University of Michigan on Thursday were hopeful the news that the NHL and the players association will resume talks next week 
1	76ers: Allen drops Sonic boom from long range PHILADELPHIA -- For the second time this season, the 76ers got an up close look at a team that does what it wants to do on the offensive end.
1	Spurs frustrated by Norwichs Green LONDON: Tottenham were held to a 0-0 draw by Premier League newcomers Norwich yesterday, spurning the chance to go third in the standings behind fellow London clubs Arsenal and Chelsea.
0	Afghans Say Kill Senior Taliban Commander  KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A senior commander from  Afghanistan's Taliban militia previously held at a U.S. base in  Guantanamo Bay was killed by Afghan forces in the central  province of Uruzgan, a senior official said on Sunday.
0	Bigley gets Irish passport The Irish government today issued a passport to Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage who has been held in Iraq for almost three weeks, in an attempt to help secure his release.
1	Glavine shaky in first start since taxi crash SAN FRANCISCO - Mets left-hander Tom Glavine endured a shaky return in his first pitching appearance since he lost two front teeth in a taxi accident, as New York beat San Francisco 11-9 in 12 innings yesterday.
1	ROBINSON WON #39;T RULE OUT WILKINSON Andy Robinson tonight refused to rule new England captain Jonny Wilkinson out of next month #39;s Twickenham Tests - despite the World Cup hero suffering fresh injury misery.
2	Canada to use PetroCan money for green technology OTTAWA - The Canadian government will devote some of the proceeds from its sale of its 19 percent stake in oil company Petro-Canada (PCA.
0	Fresh US troops arrive in Iraq, ex Gunmen assassinated Baghdad #39;s deputy governor on Monday, and voter registration for vital January elections began as fresh American soldiers arrived in the capital - reinforcements 
0	Girlfriend #39;s Family Welcome Backpacker Murder Trial The family of Joanne Lees today welcomed the announcement that a mechanic is to stand trial in Australia for the murder of British backpacker Peter Falconio. 
2	Stocks show mixed results in short session NEW YORK - Stocks finished mixed in post-holiday trading Friday as Wall Street meandered through a shortened session. The major indexes ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the 
3	Blue screens on red planet Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data.
2	Coors Talks of Profit-Sharing Agreement with Molson The Adolph Coors brewery says it could force Molson to brew Coors Light in Canada for 10 years -- without a profit-sharing agreement.
3	Massive queues in Japan as PSP sells out Queues over a thousand people long formed at some retailers in Japan yesterday as Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable went on sale, with fears of a shortage realised as stocks sold out within hours at some major outlets.
3	This week in Apple news Apple Computer introduced a slew of new machines as it gears up for the annual holiday-shopping season.
3	Canon PowerShot A95 The PowerShot  quot;A quot; series from Canon has been a hit worldwide and as far as India is concerned, the entry-level and mainstream models are all well placed to attract lot of attention.
0	AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:
3	SpaceShipOne on course for X Prize A Californian-based team is halfway to claiming a \$10 million prize by putting a privately financed manned craft into sub-orbital space.
2	Jarden #39;s Brandfest In July, the Fool #39;s James Early looked at stocks that combine the following: a small market cap, a boring industry, and a savvy Pac-Man-style acquisition strategy of adding a portfolio of brands.
1	Pavano hears Yankees' sales pitch; next step Baltimore names The Carl Pavano tour across the American League wrapped up its New York engagement yesterday with the free agent righthander meeting with Yankees officials and Reggie Jackson . Pavano, who went to Yankee Stadium Saturday to meet with team trainers and video personnel, had dinner in Manhattan with Yankees president Randy Levine , general manager Brian Cashman , and ...
3	Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives SAN FRANCISCO Dec 10, 2004 - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc.
1	Under the Weight of 700, Bonds Returns Home to Lift His Growing Legend After two games trying in vain to yank his 700th home run, Barry Bonds was content to collect three line-drive hits in a 4-0 victory over the Brewers on Thursday.
2	Ford to Offer Sirius Radio as an Option in More Cars Ford plans to offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
0	Teams scour Indonesia plane crash site Solo city as it landed in heavy rain around dusk on Tuesday after a flight from Jakarta. Other sources were giving different numbers on casualties.
1	Black Caps duo cleared to play Australia BRISBANE: Brendon McCullum and Scott Styris were last night forgiven for expressing pent-up frustration at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Wednesday night and cleared to play the Chappell-Hadlee 
0	Pakistan Wins U.S. Praise Over Afghan Vote  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official commended  Pakistan on Tuesday for its help in ensuring the success of  last month's Afghan election and said the United States wanted  to accelerate and broaden its cooperation with Pakistan.
2	Google Confirms Chinese Censorship Claims UnanimousCoward writes  quot;A spokesperson has responded to the  #39;censorship #39; questions in this article:  #39; quot;Google has decided that in order to create the best possible search experience for our mainland China users we will not include sites whose content is 
0	Ghana a Model for African Elections Urged to wield the power of the thumb, #39; #39; Ghana #39;s people exercised it in force Tuesday - pressing ink-moistened thumbs to ballots in an presidential election marking the 
2	Vietnam to create more favorable conditions for foreign investors Vietnam is endeavoring to improve its business environment in such fields as procedures, taxes, land and labor, in a move to lure US\$18 billion worth of foreign direct investment in the 2006-2010 period.
2	US Awards Airliner Antimissile Contracts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Northrop Grumman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOC.N&lt;/A&gt; and  BAE Systems PLC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.L&lt;/A&gt; were tapped by the Bush administration  on Wednesday to develop competing systems to protect U.S.  commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles, a potential  multibillion-dollar market.
0	Israeli Copter Strike Kills Palestinian An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles toward a crowd of Palestinians on the outskirts of a refugee camp early Saturday, killing a 55-year-old man and wounding five people, all civilians, hospital officials said.
3	Canada Bans Greenland, Faroese Fishing Boats (Reuters) Reuters - Canada said on Thursday it had banned\fishing boats from Greenland and the Faroe Islands from its\ports because of their "highly irresponsible" overfishing of\shrimp stocks outside Canadian waters.
2	New EU set for quick euro switch Brussels has said the EU #39;s newest members should adopt the euro in one step, in contrast to the currency #39;s original phased introduction.
1	Thursday, 9 pm EST (ABC) Not quite eight months ago, with a light snow dusting Foxboro #39;s Gillette Stadium, these two stared each other down with a trip to Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston on the line.
0	Vancouver mayor says he wants Ottawa's permission for safe inhalation site (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - If Health Canada agrees, Vancouver crack addicts could have a safe place to inhale their drugs within the city's pioneer safe injection site.
1	It's About Time With only three games left in the season, the Redskins are still having difficulty getting off plays within the 40 seconds allotted.
1	McGrady puts the hurt on Hawks Tracy McGrady gripped his left ankle and grimaced in pain. This time he worried he really had hurt it. McGrady had gone for a backdoor lob midway through the second quarter and stepped on the foot of Atlanta #39;s Tony Delk.
0	Al-Qaeda deputy in new tape Ayman al-Zawahri, Osama Bin Laden's suspected right-hand man, appears in a video on Arab TV.
1	Minaya: free to be real boss? The Mets #39; big message at Omar Minaya #39;s surprise coronation yesterday was that Minaya has  quot;full autonomy, quot; baseballese for the power to make any decisions related to baseball.
3	In the beginning ... The crash of the Genesis spacecraft is a loss for NASA and for science. Once again, the potential of robotic space exploration is called into question.
3	Media watchdogs complain that video games are violent, oversexed This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
1	Deion Sanders Leaves Game With Injury Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders strained a hamstring muscle in the second quarter of Baltimore's game against Pittsburgh on Sunday.
0	Dozens of army recruits  #39;executed #39; in Iraq, first US diplomat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAQUBA, Iraq : Almost 50 new Iraqi soldiers were gunned down in an execution in a remote area of eastern Iraq, officials said, while a US diplomat was killed in a mortar attack on a military base in Baghdad.
2	Healthy house prices in Scotland Property prices in Scotland are still looking healthy, despite the steepest fall in nine years across the rest of the UK. The latest survey from the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors shows that while 
3	FCC Asserts Role as Internet Phone Regulator The ruling, which asserts that the federal government, not states, has the authority to regulate phone service provided over the Internet.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	PayPal Makes Amends for Recent Outage (AP) AP - Online payment service PayPal said it will essentially waive transaction fees for some customers on Thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month.
3	EDS to Pay  #36;50M to Extend Opsware Deal (AP) AP - Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to pay  #36;50 million to extend an agreement with Opsware Inc. for software used in running data centers.
3	'Mean Creek': A familiar flow (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This tiny shot-on-video downer hits theaters at the same time as a more deluxe home version of Martin Scorsese's career-making melodrama Mean Streets comes to DVD. The timing is probably coincidence, because Creek's anti-urban setting (largely a boat in rocky waters) has far more in common with several other well-known movies, which is part of its problem.
2	Intel eyes India for chip plant Global chip manufacturing major Intel today said it was evaluating India as one of the possible destinations for manufacturing chips.
1	Gunners grind out victory Arsenal forgot their usual fluent style but still managed to beat PSV Eindhoven 1-0 in their Champions League opener. The Gunners scraped past the defensively minded Dutch side at Highbury thanks only to a first-half own goal from Alex.
0	London oil drops to \$40 a barrel The slide in crude oil prices takes a barrel in London down to little more than \$40, as traders realise profits after the recent surge.
2	Delta gets \$500M in financing As its pilots began voting on wage and other concessions, Delta Air Lines today announced \$500 million in new financing from General Electric Commercial Finance.
0	US 'kills 22' in Afghan firefight US forces kill 22 suspected Taleban militants in southern Afghanistan, the American military says.
0	'Luxury' eyes China as market and future competitor (AFP) AFP - China and other emerging market countries offer new markets for the luxury goods industry though they are likely in time to themselves become competitors, according to industry experts.
2	United pilot leaders accept pension deal, 15 percent pay cuts Pilots at United Airlines face a 15 percent pay cut, their second double-digit wage reduction in two years, and will not further resist the company #39;s elimination of traditional pensions under a tentative contract agreement made public Friday.
3	Microsoft warns of jpeg vulnerability Users of Microsoft Windows who have not downloaded the SP2 update are at risk of exposure to hackers when they open jpeg picture files, the BBC said Thursday.
3	Police break illegal software ring Greek and British police in a joint operation have cracked a multi-million illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirate high-tech software programs, Greek police say.
3	Microsoft to tune up Media Center PC The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned.
2	Bank of America to add 300 jobs Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will bring 300 more jobs to Boston as part of its wealth management unit. The decision comes after the bank agreed 
1	Turnovers, early run seal victory for Kansas At first glance, the statistics sheet from last nights basketball game against Nevada indicates that Kansas played exceptionally well defensively.
0	Sudanese opposition, government hold Cairo-mediated peace talks (AFP) AFP - Sudanese opposition groups and a government delegation held a first full day of peace talks in Cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations told Egypt's MENA news agency.
2	Yudhyono boost for stock market Indonesia's stock market makes strong gains as former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono looks set to become president.
0	22 killed in Iraq car bombing, clashes BAGHDAD: A suicide attacker drove his bomb-laden car into a US convoy during fighting on Wednesday in a northern town, where hospital officials said at least 10 people were killed.
0	Group Agrees to Reduce Iraqi Debt Major economic powers agreed Sunday to write off more than \$31 billion in debt for Iraq in a deal that boosted U.S. efforts to help put the Iraqi economy back on its feet.
2	OPEC sees 1 million barrels per day demand drop in 2005 JAKARTA (AFP) - Worldwide demand for oil is expected to drop by about one million barrels per day by the second quarter of 2005 after the northern hemisphere #39;s winter season ends, OPEC #39;s president said.
0	Putin clears way for Kyoto treaty Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed the Kyoto protocol on climate change - clearing the way for the treaty to come into force next year.
3	The Song Remains the Same (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - In an August memo typed from his hospital bed, Steve Jobs--Apple's chief executive, patriarch and media impresario--let his employees know he would be out for a month to recover from surgery to remove a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Patients with this type of cancer, called an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor, have a 90 survival rate, especially if treated early. Apple says Jobs is due back in September.
3	AMD dual-core design fuels chip race with Intel AMD has raised the stakes with Intel as the pair prepare to do battle over dual-core processors following last week #39;s demonstration of a dual-core x86 Opteron.
3	Cerulean gives Trillian 3.0 IM sneak peek MIAMI - The Trillian instant messaging (IM) application will feature several enhancements in its upcoming version 3.0, including new video and audio chat capabilities, enhanced IM session logs and integration with the Wikipedia online encyclopedia, according to information posted Friday on the product developer's Web site.
2	Cadbury Says Annual Results to Be at Low End of Range (Update3) Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of 7Up and Dr Pepper, said 2004 earnings will be at the low end of forecasts as demand in the US and Europe stagnates, days after Coca-Cola Co.
3	Google Adds AdWords To Froogle Shopping Feed Google Adds AdWords To Froogle Shopping Feed\\Google has announced in their Froogle Friends Newsletter that Froogle will be adding an Ad Automator to Froogle where merchants with over 1000 products who are also AdWords advertisers are invited to try out the beta release of their new ad-producing technology. This seems ...
1	NO QUIT IN HOLYFIELD Why is he still doing this? Why would a man who has millions in the bank, who has won the undisputed world heavyweight title four times, climb back into the ring at the age of 42?
3	Md. Hepatitis C May Be From Medical Tests (AP) AP - A company that makes substances used in some common medical tests has suspended operations at a nuclear pharmacy in Maryland as state and federal health officials investigate several cases of hepatitis C in the Baltimore area, authorities said Thursday.
2	Lexington software firm shuts down DeNovis Inc. of Lexington shut its doors yesterday, sending all 110 employees home and washing away \$125 million in venture capital and years of effort to overhaul the way medical claims are paid, executives involved in the shutdown said.
1	Massu Gets Penalized Game for Racket Abuse (AP) AP - Nicolas Massu cracked his racket on a fence. Later, he slammed it off the court and it bounced head-high. After being docked a game in what would be the second-longest match in U.S. Open history, he delayed play 10 minutes while arguing.
1	Tide Staff Shifts Modes With the end to a grueling regular season in Saturday nights 21-13 loss to Auburn, there is finally some time for Alabamas players to rest and recover, but that time has not yet begun for the Tide coaching staff.
3	Toshiba wins backing for HD-DVD Toshiba has won a major victory in the battle to determine the standard for next-generation DVDs with the endorsement by four Hollywood studios of its High Definition-DVD format.
3	E-Voting Firms Reveal Software to Feds The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
0	5 Iraqi churches damaged during Ramadan An Iraqi man prays with his beads as others gather outside a destroyed church following an explosion in Baghdad, 16 October 2004. Bombs exploded near five churches around Baghdad this morning followed by a 
1	UPDATE 1-Gibernau cruises to victory at Czech GP Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
1	Pak hold lead despite Jayasuriya #39;s fight back Karachi: Pakistan plundered Sri Lanka #39;s bowling line-up on Saturday to secure a commanding 270-run lead after the first innings of their second Test, before Sanath Jayasuriya led a blistering counter-attack.
3	Bloggers Gain Attention In 2004 Election Traffic on Web logs -- blogs for short -- and other political sites skyrocketed on Election Day, creating online audiences rivaling those of traditional media organizations. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	 #39;Mercenaries #39; await their fate in Zimbabwe A Zimbabwe judge is to hand down sentences on Friday against the alleged mastermind of a coup plot in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea, Briton Simon Mann, and 67 other suspected mercenaries who were convicted two weeks ago.
1	AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Bengie Molina had four hits, including\a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game\series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
2	Swiss International Air Lines Posts Profit Switzerland #39;s struggling national airline swung to a profit for the third quarter but pledged Tuesday to keep cutting costs as it felt the bite of high oil prices and competition from low-cost carriers in Europe.
0	EU ministers fail to resolve issue of transit camps FLORENCE: Interior ministers from France and Spain on Monday shot down a German proposal to set up transit camps in North Africa to process asylum seekers before they reach Europe.
0	Planting for Nobel peace The question comes up every year: Does the Nobel Peace Prize matter? This year #39;s winner, Wangari Maathai of Kenya, is living proof the 103-year-old prize is an honour some people richly deserve.
2	Merck Maintains Quarterly Dividend  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; has declared  its regular quarterly dividend, maintaining its status as one  of the richest dividend payors among blue-chip stocks, even  following the withdrawal of its arthritis drug Vioxx and  subsequent loss of nearly \$27 billion in market value.
3	Mozilla #39;s share is rising The latest web browser usage survey shows Mozilla #39;s share is rising at the expense of Internet Explorer. The browser has increased its market share to 7.4 percent, from 2.1 percent in May.
3	Space Station Astronauts Move Soyuz to Prepare for Spacewalks The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station moved the Soyuz spacecraft that brought them to the orbiting outpost to prepare for a pair of spacewalks to be conducted next year.
1	Ellis in Seven-Way Tie for Las Vegas Lead  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Danny Ellis posted the lowest  score but had to be content with a share of the lead on  eight-under-par with six other players after the first round of  the \$4 million Las Vegas Championship Thursday.
3	CenturyTel to Offer EchoStar Service (Reuters) Reuters - CenturyTel Inc. (CTL.N) will offer\EchoStar Communications Corp. (DISH.O) satellite television\service to its customers in 22 states, the rural telephone\company said on Thursday.
2	2 Airlines #39; New Cuts Target Executives US Airways intends to slash its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing the pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating some positions, sources familiar with the plan said yesterday.
1	Flintoff century steers England to 251 for seven Andrew Flintoff struck 104 to guide England to a defendable 251 for seven in the Champions Trophy Group D decider with Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl, Southampton on Saturday.
1	Haas on Road to Recovery with Surprise Victory at the Open Tommy Haas, once ranked second in the world, surprised the 12th seed, Sebastien Grosjean of France, 6-4, 6-4, 1-6, 6-1, in the second round.
2	A Matter of Trust (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - There is more to corporate performance than what you see in the earnings reports. Could an investor have anticipated the trouble at companies like Enron, Adelphia, WorldCom and Tyco by looking more closely at how they were governed and how they kept their books? Their problems, to be sure, are far more visible in hindsight, but nonetheless each left telltale signs that all was not well. Robust reported earnings growth at both Enron and WorldCom was not supported by hard cash. The Adelphia board was stacked with company insiders who turned a blind eye to self-dealing by company executives. ...
1	Woods on top at rain-soaked Dunlop Phoenix Tiger Woods fired a superb five-under-par 65 in torrential rain to take a three-stoke lead after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Thursday.
1	Ponting calls for pitch inquiry AUSTRALIAN captain Ricky Ponting has asked his Indian counterpart to join him in a formal protest over the deplorable state of the Mumbai wicket after the tourists #39; Black Friday batting collapse.
1	Forget England, India are No 2, says Merv MUMBAI: India #39;s form slump may have left fans disappointed and the critics carping, but they found support from an unlikely quarter on Wednesday.
1	PARIS HOPE TO LEARN FROM PAST FAILURE Paris launched their candidature file for the 2012 Olympics on Wednesday with bid leaders insisting they have learned their lesson from past failures.
2	Magna seeks to privatize auto parts subsidiaries Southern Ontario auto parts giant Magna International Inc. unveiled Monday a plan to take its three subsidiaries private in an effort to make its operations more efficient that could cost up to \$1.
0	TWO ITALIANS KIDNAPPED IN IRAQ The hostage crisis in Iraq has worsened with gunmen kidnapping two Italian women aid workers and two Iraqis from their offices in Baghdad.
1	Steelers RB Bettis thinking about retiring after season Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jerome Bettis hasn #39;t decided if he will retire after this season, but is thinking about it. Bettis said his health -- not whether the Steelers win the Super 
2	EBay Earns Boost Tech Stocks; Dow Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as a strong quarterly earnings report from eBay Inc.,  the world's largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq  and Standard   Poor's 500 indexes.
2	Money Funds Fell in Latest Week Assets of the nation #39;s retail money market mutual funds fell by \$4.03 billion in the latest week to \$828.98 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
0	Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court (Reuters) Reuters - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi\urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against\toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his close aides.
2	US economic barometer down 0.3 in third straight decline WASHINGTON : A closely watched index of future economic activity fell 0.3 percent in August, the third consecutive monthly decline, the Conference Board said on Thursday.
0	Israel Kills 9 Militants in Massive Gaza Offensive  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed nine militants in  and around the Gaza Strip Saturday, raising the Palestinian  death toll to 47 in one of the biggest and bloodiest offensives  in four years of conflict.
3	MS pulls WinFS from Longhorn Microsoft is dropping the WinFS file system technology from Longhorn, the next version of Windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
3	7-Foot Robot Used in Black Sea Expedition (AP) AP - Four years ago, scientists thought they had found the perfect place to settle the Noah flood debate: A farmer's house on a bluff overlooking the Black Sea built about 7,500 years ago  #151; just before tidal waves inundated the homestead, submerged miles of coastline and turned the freshwater lake into a salty sea.
0	UK MP wins Saddam libel case MP George Galloway wins libel case against the Telegraph over claims he took money from Saddam Hussein.
1	MOTOGP NEWS Moody Blues: Rossi, Gibernau and Formula One. In the latest of his exclusive columns for Crash.net, renowned Eurosport MotoGP commentator Toby Moody provides the latest behind the scenes news from Sepang, analyses the Valentino Rossi/Sete Gibernau championship battle and ponders just how committed 
1	Forbes: NHL Didn't Lose As Much As Stated (AP) AP - The NHL suffered less than half the losses it has claimed for the past two years, according to a report in Forbes Magazine.
2	China's economy grows by 9.5 percent in first three quarters (AFP) AFP - China's economy grew by 9.5 percent in the first three quarters of 2004 compared to the same period last year, China's National Bureau of Statistics announced.
2	NVIDIA Is Vindicated The graphics chip company recaptures the high-end segment and quadruples profits.
0	Kerry Challenges Bush on Terror Policies NASHVILLE, Tenn. - In a sharply worded challenge to President Bush, Democratic Sen...
2	Dollar Under Pressure in Thin Trading (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar was feeling the heat on\Thursday as concerns about the U.S. trade and current account\deficits hardened the market's view that the currency's\downward spiral would continue.
0	French Gov't May Merge EADS With Thales (AP) AP - The French government plans to merge Airbus parent EADS with Thales, the country's largest defense company, to create a new European giant to rival Boeing Co., a leading financial daily reported Friday.
2	Mittal Family Forges \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal Steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal on Monday agreed to buy International Steel Group Inc. (ISG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$4.5 billion and 
2	Bios of Sprint #39;s Forsee, Nextel #39;s Donahue Here are brief sketches of the two top executives of the company being created by Sprint Corp. #39;s \$35 billion purchase of Nextel Communications Inc.
1	Johnson traded to Broncos Ellis Johnson #39;s career with the Falcons took another odd - and final -wist on Monday when the team traded the disgruntled defensive tackle to the Denver Broncos.
0	Dean Urges Dems to Stick to Convictions (AP) AP - Howard Dean, with an eye on leading the Democratic Party in the wake of widespread election losses, said Wednesday that Democrats must campaign on their convictions and not give into the temptation to behave like Republicans.
2	Crude Oil Little Changed After Falling on Rising Iraqi Output Crude oil futures were little changed after falling yesterday for the seventh day in eight as Iraqi exports rose and Russia said it would increase output this year.
0	Australia's biggest city up in arms over "politically correct" Christmas (AFP) AFP - The Lord Mayor of Sydney has sparked outrage among citizens of Australia's largest city by decorating town hall with a single tree in a modest "generic" festive show aimed at not offending the immigrant non-Christian community.
2	Oil prices hold near 7-week lows on US weather forecast SINGAPORE: Oil prices held steady yesterday near seven-week lows on forecasts of colder-than-normal weather in the US northeast.
0	US raises interest rates to 2.25 The US Federal Reserve raises interest rates to 2.25, the fifth increase this year.
0	Newmont considers lawsuit over jailed executives (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DENVER (AP) - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.
1	Hamilton #39;s Late Basket Lifts Pistons Over Heat Richard Hamilton banked in the winning shot with 1.3 seconds remaining as the Detroit Pistons edged the Miami Heat 78-77 in Auburn Hills on Friday.
3	Ask Jeeves The ability to edit, categorize, and annotate saved searches and the history list puts a new spin on browser bookmarks. Special search functions help tame wild and woolly search results; you can also share results by e-mail.
1	Patriots Roll On Rodney Harrison brakes up a fourth-down pass from Chad Pennington with 2:14 remaining as the Patriots extend their NFL victory streak to 21 games in a 13-7 win over the Jets.
0	Israelis, Palestinians seem to be digging in Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation 
0	Australian Voters Head to Polls  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians voted Saturday in an  election which offered the choice between a conservative  government that unreservedly backs the United States and its  Iraq war and a Labor opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
0	McCain to consider possible 2008 presidential run (AFP) AFP - Maverick US Republican Senator John McCain, who ran against President George W. Bush four years ago, indicated he might be considering another presidential bid in 2008, despite the fact he will be 72 when the next election rolls around.
3	Survival of software's fittest Darwin may work in the flat enterprise software market--mergers and acquisitions are expected to increase the clout of leading firms.
2	Nexen reports higher Q3 earnings, cuts production forecast CALGARY - Oil and gas company Nexen Inc. posted higher third-quarter earnings on Thursday, but also lowered its production target for the year.
2	Access Brokerage suspended from trading Michael Stiassny and Brendon Gibson of Ferrier Hodgson  amp; Co have been appointed interim liquidators of no-frills brokerage house Access Brokerage Limited, which was today suspended from trading.
1	Mets: Backman, Leyland on Minaya #39;s list While Willie Randolph remains the leading candidate to become the next Mets manager, GM Omar Minaya hasn #39;t made a final decision.
0	African Union Are Somalia #39;s warlords ready to loosen their iron &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new dawn breaks over Somalia. The interim Somali Parliament convened a special session in Kenya and elected Colonel Abdullah Yusuf Ahmed, the self-styled leader of the autonomous region of Puntland, as the new interim Somali president.
1	Hungarian fencing referee suspended for two years A Hungarian fencing referee was expelled from the Olympics and suspended for two years Sunday after making several errors during Saturday night #39;s gold-medal match in men #39;s team foil.
2	ECONOMIC VIEW Whoever Wins, More Taxes May Be the Only Way Out T #39;S often forgotten that President Ronald Reagan signed a bill to raise taxes in the early 1980 #39;s after first cutting them.
2	How to keep oil flowing? Invest VIENNA: The spike in oil prices is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for lack of output capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
3	AT T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=T.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Internet  telephone provider Vonage on Thursday said they were cutting  prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5  per month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the  nascent market.
0	Bulgarian 'baby smugglers' held Three Bulgarians face a Greek court, accused of locking up a  pregnant girl in an Athens flat to sell her baby.
0	Bush vows pension fund shake-up The US president says he plans far-reaching reforms to the Social Security system which funds pensions.
2	Salvation Army Hurts After Target Denial The sound of bell ringers has always been heard at Target stores, but this year the bells have been silenced, and that silence is having tremendous effects.
1	U.S. Men's Basketball Team Takes Bronze Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team salvaged  some pride Saturday, beating Lithuania 104-96 to take the  Olympic bronze medal.
0	Colombia Rebels Kill 9 Officers in Ambush (AP) AP - Leftist rebels ambushed a police convoy Tuesday in northeastern Colombia, killing at least nine officers and wounding three others, authorities said. A 10th policeman was killed in a separate incident.
0	Bush to Visit Hurricane-Stricken States PENSACOLA, Fla. - President Bush scheduled a visit Sunday to hurricane-stricken Florida and Alabama - the third such visit for Florida - as Hurricane Ivan victims faced another day of digging through the debris for their belongings and waiting hours in lines for food and water...
2	Problem of Big Dig leaks widespread, records show Boston -- Leaks in the Big Dig highway tunnel system are more widespread than officials have acknowledged, and top construction managers warned as far back as six years ago about problems that could cause waterproofing failures, records show.
2	Dollar Struggles to Extend Recovery (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled on Tuesday to extend\its recovery against the euro from a record low hit last week,\as the market eyed a deeper decline in the U.S. currency in the\near-term.  The unexpectedly quick rebound in the dollar\against the euro at the start of 2005 caught some traders off\guard and left the market cautious about selling the U.S.\currency.
3	Microsoft to NetWare Users: I Want You Microsoft has introduced a package of tools, training and technical support designed to lure users away from Novell #39;s Netware, to Windows Server 2003.
1	Air Force Cadet Innocent of Steroid Charge (AP) AP - Air Force linebacker Overton Spence was found innocent of drug charges Wednesday after telling a court-martial he thought the steroids he had taken were legal.
2	Spam Is Finally a Crime Siblings are the first ever to be convicted for sending boatloads of junk e-mail pushing bogus products. Also: Microsoft takes MSN music download on a Euro trip....  Nokia begins legal battle against European counterparts.... and more.
0	Results Show Da Silva Leading Brazil Vote Brazilian voters gave a boost to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in nationwide municipal elections on Sunday, according to initial results, in the first electoral test for the leftist leader and his plans to remake Latin America's biggest country.
3	Satellite Radio That's Well Received With its somewhat bulky contours and shiny silver case, Delphi's MyFi portable satellite radio evokes an old transistor radio.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
2	US Airways: Workers should not count on pension US Airways lawyers told a federal bankruptcy judge here Thursday that the carrier can #39;t afford to maintain its current pension plans.
2	Mortgage rates hit 6-month low NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Long-term mortgage rates fell again this week to the lowest level in six months, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
1	Earnhardt victory cuts into Busch #39;s Cup lead AVONDALE, Ariz. -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s victory Sunday in the Checker Auto Parts 500 at Phoenix International Raceway, his second straight at the track, softened the emotional blow he suffered a week ago when he crashed late in a race near Atlanta.
3	Firefox, Google and Web Search Mozilla Firefox has Google, Yahoo and other search tools baked in, but they are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to search capabilities available with this innovative new web browser that launched its first official version today.
3	Microsoft Rolls Out NetWare Migration Package Microsoft is campaigning for Novell NetWare users, again. This time Microsoft is wooing Netware users with a migration package that contains several incentives ranging from tools, prescriptive guidance, training 
3	Fed-up Americans eyeing Canada? Canadian officials are reporting that their government's immigration Web site has been swamped with traffic since George W. Bush gave his acceptance speech on Wednesday. Missing Links
0	Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.
0	Two Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two rockets hit a downtown Baghdad hotel housing foreigners and journalists Thursday, and gunfire erupted in the neighborhood across the Tigris River from the U.S. Embassy compound...
0	Two more US soldiers charged with murder Staff Sgt. Johnny Horne Jr. and Staff Sgt. Cardenas Alban, both from Company C, 1st Battalion, 41st Infantry Regiment from Fort Riley, Kan, are being charge with murder.
3	Storage market grows, HP's share shrinks Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) held on to its lead in the disk storage systems market in the second quarter, but saw a decline in revenue and market share, according to a survey by market researcher IDC published Friday.
0	War threatens Uganda Aids success HIV/Aids is twice as common in the war-torn north of Uganda as in the rest of the country, an aid agency says.
2	Economy 'stronger than forecast' The UK economy probably grew at a  faster than predicted pace in the third quarter, putting pressure on the Bank of England to raise rates again.
1	It #39;s official: Giants name Warner starter for opening day NEW YORK - Eli Manning is undeniably the Giants #39; quarterback of the future. But the future is going to have wait. After a summer of speculation, Giants coach Tom Coughlin finally made it official on Sunday 
3	Space Tourism Seeking Public Investors (AP) AP - It was billionaire Paul Allen's  #36;20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space.
1	Prefontaine boots Argos past Lions CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Argonauts may need to brush up on tackling for the playoffs, but their pass rush and kicker Noel Prefontaine are in top form.
0	CBS News on defensive as fresh revelations emerge on Bush report (AFP) AFP - The CBS television network was forced onto the defensive again as fresh revelations emerged concerning a critical report it broadcast on President George W. Bush's National Guard service in the 1970s.
2	Bayer links with Schering-Plough Germany #39;s Bayer AG has entered into a strategic pharmaceuticals alliance with Schering-Plough, Bayer said Monday. It said Schering-Plough would market and distribute some Bayer 
2	Intel growth not up to expectations Santa Clara - Semiconductor giant Intel on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 15 percent from a year ago to \$1.9 billion (R12.
0	Howard Makes History With Australia Win (AP) AP - Prime Minister John Howard has been accused of turning his back on Asia, kowtowing to America and being Australia's most boring leader.
1	Giggs and Scholes give United win MANCHESTER, England -- Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes scored their first league goals of the season to give Manchester United a 2-0 win over Charlton in Alex Ferguson #39;s 999th match in charge.
0	Brazilian Ruling Party Makes Gains in Local Elections Brazil #39;s ruling party has made gains in Sunday #39;s local elections seen as mid-term referendum on the government of left-leaning President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
1	Moss #39; hamstring forces another early exit Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss was in the starting lineup Sunday when the team hosted the New York Giants, but the star wideout was again removed from the game due to his sore hamstring.
1	Redknapp wants Smith reunion Harry Redknapp has confirmed that he wants to appoint Jim Smith as his assistant manager at Southampton. The pair worked together at Portsmouth for more than two years before they left the club last month 
3	Shopping.com Holders Cut IPO Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Shopping.com Ltd., an online\comparison shopping service, on Friday lowered the number of\shares to be sold by shareholders in the company's planned\initial public offering.
0	Howard wins fourth term in Australian election Opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham has conceded defeat in Australia #39;s general elections and congratulated Prime Minister John Howard for winning a fourth consecutive term in office.
0	East Timor marks historic vote East Timor celebrates the fifth anniversary of a historic vote to break away from Indonesia's rule.
2	Stocks Lower on Oil and Profit Warnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks declined on Monday as oil  prices spiked higher and companies like consumer goods giant  Colgate-Palmolive warned on earnings, stirring investor worry  about corporate profits.
3	Finnair Plans Mobile Check-In In what it calls a first in international air travel, Finnair says it will let its frequent fliers check in using text messages on mobile phones.
2	VW trims investment to increase cash flow BERLIN Facing a struggle to lower costs and lift its profit, Volkswagen said Friday that it would cut investment in its auto operations over the next two years and reshuffle its management board.
0	We killed 50 foreign militants at training camp, says Pakistan Pakistani jets killed 50 people as they pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants today in tribal South Waziristan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
3	OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office The lab home of Linux founder Linus Torvalds hires an intellectual-property attorney and says hello to Beijing.
1	Williams on fast track after streaking to silver Not long after sunrise yesterday, Lauryn Williams woke up and had some breakfast. And, with that, the normalcy ended. Before noon, she was at the Olympic complex 
3	Bedrock in Mars' Gusev Crater Hints at Watery Past Now that NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is finally examining bedrock in the "Columbia Hills," it is finding evidence that water thoroughly altered some rocks in Mars' Gusev Crater.
2	Soggy summer hits Boots #39; sales growth HIGH street giant Boots reported a cooling in sales growth today after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
1	Giants falter at home against Lions They were home to Detroit this week, coming off a bye, and did nothing to improve on the record. Joey Harrington completed 18 of the 22 passes he threw.
2	US shoppers fail to give thanks to Wal-Mart WAL-MART, the worlds largest retailer, has cut its sales forecast, in the run-up to Christmas, by more than half after suffering a fall in the number of shoppers passing through its doors 
2	Yukos suspends shipments to China Oil giant Yukos says it is halting two-thirds of its 150,000 barrel a day exports to China because of its financial troubles.
0	Mourning and Anger at School Caught Up in Terrorism The 40th day since the siege of Middle School No. 1 in Beslan, Russia, brought forth a fresh outpouring of pain. It also laid bare some of the darker emotions, like vengeance.
1	Ryder Cup hopefuls boost chances Munich: Ryder Cup wild card favourites Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald inspired each other to challenge strongly in the first round of the BMW International Open yesterday.
0	Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan: Signed article Recently in spite of Sudan #39;s opposition and criticism from international community the US is ready to go ahead with submitting a resolution to the UN Security Council for sanctions against Sudan.
1	NFL concedes mistakes by officials Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs yesterday expressed displeasure with a pair of officiating calls in Washington #39;s 21-18 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night, and the NFL responded by conceding its crew made two mistakes.
1	Utah Expansion Team Taps Ellinger As Coach (AP) AP - John Ellinger, the U.S. under-17 national team coach for the past seven years, was hired Wednesday as the coach of Major League Soccer's expansion team in Utah.
1	Barrichello grabs inaugural pole in Shanghai Shanghai, China (Sports Network) - Rubens Barrichello won the pole for Sunday #39;s Grand Prix of China Formula One race. The No.2 Ferrari driver circled the 3.387-mile, 14-turn Shanghai International Circuit in one minute, 34.
3	EarthLink to Test Yahoo #39;s Antispam Technology EarthLink agreed to test Yahoo! #39;s anti-spam technology. The technology encodes digital signatures (dubbed DomainKeys) into customers #39; email so that the receiver can tell whether the message is legitimate.
2	Construction, Industrial Data Give Mixed Signals Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
3	Lycos #39; Make Love Not Spam gives chance for revenge LONDON - People hacked off with spammers who clog up their inbox with junk email can now get revenge in a new campaign by Lycos, urging the world to  #39;Make Love, Not Spam #39;.
2	Airline Eliminates Check-In Hassle As US Airways (Nasdaq: UAIR) slides back into bankruptcy, it should take a hint from Hawaiian Holdings (AMEX: HA). The company #39;s Hawaiian Airlines subsidiary is also under the 
1	Australia #39;s Andre Stoltz Wins First US PGA Event in Las Vegas Andre Stoltz won the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas by one stroke, the first career US PGA Tour victory for the 34-year-old Australian.
1	Canada Advances to World Cup Hockey Semifinals Canada has advanced to the semifinals of the World Cup of ice Hockey with a 5-0 victory over Slovakia. Jarome Iginla had two goals and an assist Wednesday in Toronto.
0	Battleground voters wrestle with US economy, security (AFP) AFP - Political strategists determined early on that this year's White House race would come down to a block of uncommitted or  quot;swing quot; voters in a smattering of US states.
0	Green Queen Urges Action on Climate Change On the second day of her state visit to Germany, Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II demonstrated her concern for environmental issues, opening a joint German-British climate conference.
3	Opening Pages The title was really meant to scare you. I bet it brought memories of those zombie films prevalent in the 80s. Dont worry. Your PCs wont suddenly get up in the middle of the night and scare the hell out of you.
1	Schilling hopes to rebound from Game 1 performance Curt Schilling isn #39;t going to let an injured ankle get in the way of a shot at redemption. Acquired this past offseason to help the Boston Red Sox finally get past the New York Yankees, the hard-throwing 
1	Games Rock Athens, Thousands Party Nightly While the world #39;s best athletes fight the noble Olympic battle in stadiums and pools, their fans storm the streets of Athens, turning the Greek capital into a huge international party every night.
2	Price hike set Citing higher prices of coffee and sugar, Starbucks says it will raise the average price of its drinks by eleven cents at all 45-hundred stores in North America.
2	Mutual fund votes show limits to change When corporate America came looking for raises last year, Boston's largest mutual funds routinely turned them down, voting in hundreds of cases against lucrative stock and options packages for senior executives, according to proxy-vote data released last week for the first time.
3	Piracy Bill's Language Protects DVD Movie Filters (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's acceptable for consumers to use software that edits out nudity or bad language from a DVD movie -- but they had better leave the commercials and promotional announcements in, according to legislation adopted by the House of Representatives this week.
0	French troops sent to quell Ivory Coast unrest ELEANOR HALL: Hundreds of French reinforcements have been sent to stop escalating violence in Ivory Coast. On the weekend, thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of the commercial capital Abidjan to 
3	USA : IBM announces integration of RFID capabilities in middleware Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) is in news these days. And it is the middleware that gives meaning to the collection activity of radio frequency identification (RFID) readers, turning the data for usable purposes.
2	Dollar gains after G-7 meetingCurrency market awaits US payrolls &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - The dollar moved higher Monday in the wake of little new policy direction from a weekend meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the world #39;s economic powers.
2	Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.  on\Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on\strong international sales but offered an outlook for 2005 that\was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock\down 8 percent.
0	US asks Israel to clarify disengagement plan Jerusalem, Oct 07 - The United States has asked Israel to clarify a statement made by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s senior advisor Dov Weisglass, which said Tel Aviv #39;s disengagement plan meant a  quot;freezing of the peace process, quot; media reported here.
1	Patriots 31 Bills 17 ORCHARD Park, NY The New England Patriots posted their record-tying 18th consecutive victory by scoring two touchdowns in the fourth quarter of a 31-to-17 win at Buffalo.
3	Sheepish portraits can calm woolly nerves London - British scientists have found a seemingly unlikely way to soothe anxious sheep, a report said on Wednesday - by showing them photographs of other sheep.
2	INDUSTRY REPORT: Aviation -- US Airways to cut pay US Airways announced plans to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union employees to collectively accept \$950 million in annual cost cuts.
2	Rising Costs Cut Cott #39;s Drink Profit Cott Corp. (BCB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (COT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of store brand drinks, reported a 14 percent fall in third-quarter earnings and 
3	Yahoo! to test desktop search engine in January GOOGLE caused a stir when it announced recently that its search engine can now look for data that is stored in users #39; computers.
2	Automakers Attack Proposal to Address Global Warming Automakers on Wednesday attacked a California plan to regulate automotive emissions of global warming gases. The state #39;s proposal  quot;clearly goes far beyond what is reasonable 
0	Crunch vote for new EU Commission The threat of a constitutional crisis hangs over the EU as MEPs vote on whether to veto the new Commission.
2	Treasuries Skid, Yields Hit Fresh Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt slid for a second  session on Tuesday as data showed the U.S. economy expanded at  a slightly faster pace than first thought in the third quarter,  though inflation remained subdued.
2	Update 1: Interstate Bakeries Misses Filing Deadline Shares of wholesale baker Interstate Bakeries Corp. plummeted about 31 percent in Monday morning trading, after the company reported that it again missed the deadline for filing its 2004 annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1	Pistons forward McDyess fined \$5,000 New York, NY (Sports Network) - Pistons forward Antonio McDyess was fined \$5,000 Wednesday for kicking a basketball into the crowd during Detroit #39;s season-opening win over the Houston Rockets.
1	Federer wins epic tie-break to reach final Houston, Nov 22 - World number one and defending champion Roger Federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3 7-6 win over Marat Safin and place in the Masters Cup final.
0	Israel Plans Large-Scale Gaza Operation JERUSALEM - Israel's defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale, open-ended military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.    Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz made the decision after consultations with army commanders and the Shin Bet security service, Israel Army Radio reported...
0	East Timor gas talks to end soon Australia hoped to finalise negotiations with East Timor over oil and gas reserves by the end of the year, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
1	Cropp Postpones Vote Linda W. Cropp abruptly removes a bill to build a baseball stadium with public money, announcing that she has a new plan that could provide private funding for the project.
0	New typhoon heading for flood-hit Philippines PILILIA, Philippines : Another powerful typhoon is bearing down on the eastern Philippines where rescuers are desperately trying to find survivors from floods and landslides that have left nearly 500 dead or missing.
1	(Sports Network) - Very quietly, the Philadelphia Phillies have &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; are ahead of Larry Bowa #39;s team in the chase for the wild card. The Phillies. have 19 games to play, including 12 against teams with under-.
3	The VHS is Dead Ronnie Coote writes  quot;The UK #39;s largest retailer of electronics is phasing out VHS VCRs. Sales of DVD players have outstripped VCRs by 40-to-1 recently.
0	European stocks post small gains in quiet trading (AFP) AFP - European stock markets eked out modest gains in early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and US markets closed for a public holiday.
1	Tiger Woods snorkels off Barbados coast as wedding rumours persist Tiger Woods spent Monday snorkelling off the coast of Barbados, as police and private security agents patrolled the public beach of a posh resort where islanders kept talking of an imminent wedding to Swedish model Elin 
3	Is That Dog Barking Up the Wrong Family Tree? DNA testing, the same technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations, is increasingly being used to verify canine bloodline claims.
2	IMF chief asks oil producing nations to boost investment GENEVA: International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director Rodrigo Rato on Friday called on oil-producing nations to boost investment in production facilities in response to ever rising oil prices.
1	Bears sack their way to win The Chicago Bears have made a living out of winning ugly as of late, taking victories any way they can get them. On Sunday, Chicago invented another way to 
3	AMD Introduces Low-Cost Net Access Device in India  BOMBAY (Reuters) - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; has introduced a low-cost Internet access device  that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time  technology users in the developing world.
0	Sirens to Wail Across China to Mark 1931 Japan Attack  BEIJING (Reuters) - Sirens were due to wail across more  than 100 Chinese cities on Saturday to commemorate the 73rd  anniversary of the start of Japan's invasion of China, state  media said.
2	beach hut sells for 100,000 At a time when property sales have fallen, a beach hut that measures 8ft by 14ft has been bought for 100,000. The one-room brick chalet at Sandbanks, Dorset, with an impressive view over 
1	A's Want Kendall Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall has waved a no-trade that could send him from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics.
2	Castro turns screws on his own people HAVANA - In the heart of Old Havana, at a corner of Plaza de Armas, probably the city #39;s most beautiful ancient square, a plaque on a building on a street bearing the unlikely name O #39;Reilly declares an unexpected affinity.
0	Powerful Afghan Governor Sacked, Declines Ministry (Reuters) Reuters - Powerful regional Afghan commander Ismail\Khan was effectively dismissed as governor of Herat city\Saturday and declined a promotion to the cabinet of President\Hamid Karzai.
1	Hyde Park learns to win Worst to first is one of the hardest things to do in sports, but how do you go from winless to a Super Bowl berth with a diverse group of kids from a variety of backgrounds and neighborhoods, many of whom have never played football before entering high school?
0	Disney Confirms Eisner to Leave in 2006 LONDON - Michael Eisner, who led the Walt Disney Co. to huge success in the 1980s but more recently clashed with dissident stockholders including the founder's family, will leave the company in 2006 when his contract expires, the company said Friday...
2	Google Improves Local Search With Map Company Buy Google announced its purchase yesterday of Keyhole, a mapping company that uses satellite photographs to produce three-dimensional maps, in a move that could bolster Google #39;s local search capabilities.
2	Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt by slack sales from its children #39;s unit, Bass wholesale business and Naturalizer chain. 
1	Ryan Palmer Wins Funai Classic Over Singh (AP) AP - With a Sunday charge that would have made his namesake Arnold Palmer proud, Ryan Palmer birdied four straight holes down the stretch and closed with a 10-under 62 to win the Funai Classic at Disney by three shots over Vijay Singh and Briny Baird.
0	Landslide win for Cameroon leader Cameroon's President Paul Biya is re-elected with 75 of the vote, say officials, with just a results to come.
3	Textile Fragments Provide Details of Ancient Lives Charred and brittle bits of fabric are providing new insights into the lives of prehistoric people, thanks to advances in chemical analysis of textiles.
1	Racing: Italian Trulli to race for Toyota in Japan and Brazil PARIS : Italian driver Jarno Trulli, who has signed to drive for Toyota next season, will now be driving for the Japanese constructor in the final two races of this season, Toyota revealed.
3	Spam Is Finally a Crime A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of internet spam distributors.
1	Second-Ranked Auburn Downs Alabama  TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell passed  for 224 yards and a touchdown, Courtney Taylor caught four  passes for 89 yards and a score, and No. 2 Auburn overcame a  slow start to beat Southeastern Conference rival Alabama,  21-13, in the 69th Iron Bowl.
3	Yahoo! Joins Music Download Race Not to be outdone in the digital download race by the likes of Microsoft, Apple and Real Networks, Yahoo have firmly stated their intentions by acquiring Musicmatch.
0	Sack Seeking Milosevic Lawyer Seeks Trial Suspension Slobodan Milosevics court-imposed British lawyer told the UN war crimes tribunal today he will ask for a suspension of hearings until an appeals chamber has considered overturning his appointment at the request of the former Yugoslav president.
0	New Zealand releases Israeli spies Two Israelis who were jailed for two months for trying to obtain a New Zealand passport were released from prison and deported Wednesday, Prime Minister Helen Clark said.
0	U.S. Deaths in Iraq Top 1,000, Aid Groups Eye Exit  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Dozens of international aid agencies  considered quitting Iraq on Wednesday following the abduction  of two Italian women, and as the U.S. military death toll rose  above 1,000.
0	Lawyer for teen killed by police says door still open for criminal charges (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The door is still open for criminal charges against a Toronto police constable who shot a teenager to death, despite an investigation clearing him, a lawyer for Jeffrey Reodica's family said Wednesday.
1	Monza Testing, Day 1, 01/09/04 Jarno and Fernando in action for the team on the first day of testing at Monza ahead of the Italian Grand Prix.
3	As X Prize Slips Away, Canadian Still Vows to Launch (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The leader of a Canadian team preparing to launch a piloted rocket into suborbital space is committed to making the spaceflight, even as hopes to win an international private space race appear to be slipping away.
2	BellSouth, SBC to Jointly Buy YellowPages BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. are expanding their partnership beyond Cingular Wireless with a joint purchase of YellowPages.
3	New Tack Wins Prisoner's Dilemma The winner of this year's competition in the classic computerized strategy game shows that a tactic based on cooperating with team members can succeed over one that relies on echoing rivals' moves. By Wendy M. Grossman.
3	Understanding Aviation There are those few uninformed that spread ill will about commercial aviation. As is the case in just about anything, people who have no understanding of something love to pick it apart. I'm sure we all know someone who refuses to fly. Their reasons most likely include "I just don't feel safe on those things." The fact is, really, that airline travel is exceedingly safe, and becoming ever safer. I will try to explain exactly why this is. I'd also like to introduce general aviation, and relate what I know about the future of air travel. It is a sad fact that the general public knows very little about aviation, and yet has so much to say about it.
2	World Oil Prices Approach \$55 a Barrel Though oil prices have eased slightly, they remain close to record high points approaching \$55 a barrel. World oil prices have more than doubled from about \$20 a barrel in New York at the start 
2	Netflix Lowers Rental Price by \$4 Online movie rental service Netflix Inc. reported Monday that it lowered its monthly rental fee by \$4 in what is heating up to be a price war with video rental giant Blockbuster Inc.
1	Ravens' Lewis, Smith Injured Vs. Cowboys (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis hurt his left ankle in the first quarter Sunday, and backup Musa Smith broke his leg later in the period.
1	The flying Elvises Not by decree but by unanimous approval, the Yankees moved on yesterday, all but ignoring the postseason position they had just secured.
2	Gates: Microsoft to Tackle the Spyware Problem MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.Microsoft chairman Bill Gates says he #39;s never had a computer virus, but that adware and malware have him ticked off enough that Microsoft plans to do something about them.
3	Linux cluster storage system takes off Linux Networx has developed a clustered storage appliance which is able to pool capacity from separate storage devices into a single high-capacity resource.
2	Bank units here; jobs scattered Bank of America's four units still headquartered in Boston actually are scattered throughout the country, executives said, one more sign that the jobs and influence the city expected from the bank's \$48 billion merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp. have not yet materialized.
1	Australia Needs Five More Wickets to Claim Series Win in India Australia #39;s cricketers closed in on their first Test series triumph in India for 35 years after reducing the home side to 84-5 at tea on the fourth day of the third Test at Nagpur.
1	In name game, Couples fills bill for most fans CROMWELL, Conn. -- If you're looking for players who are sitting high on the PGA Tour's money list, you won't find them at TPC River Highlands, where the Buick Championship gets under way today. At No. 26, Jerry Kelly (\$1,622,449) is the leading money winner in this week's stop. If you're looking for players who are sitting high on the ...
1	Kidd, Houston start season on injured list When the NBA season tips off, the New Jersey Nets will be without All-Star Jason Kidd, and Allan Houston of the New York Knicks will be on the injured list, too.
3	Viagra: A Drug Ad Too Far? Pharmaceutical companies love to tout their drug ads as examples of consumer education. But that argument hardly stands up in Pfizer #39;s (PFE ) latest Viagra pitches.
3	The new Game Boy for \$200? A preview page at Walmart.com reveals expected pricing and availability for Nintendo's DS handheld game player.
2	Best Buy reports third-quarter earnings rise 21 percent MINNEAPOLIS - Best Buy Company Inc. said on Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 21 percent, but gave hints that profits during the holiday selling season may not be quite what analysts were hoping for.
0	Kenya #39;s anti-graft chief resigns Nairobi - Kenya #39;s fight against corruption suffered a blow on Monday after the chairperson of the new Kenya Anti-Corruption Advisory Board (KACC) resigned in protest at interference in its affairs by President Mwai Kibaki.
2	Detail, not retail, drives Lampert The man behind the country #39;s biggest retail merger is best known for being secretive - and successful. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
3	Microsoft Ends Disputes Company settled legal disputes Monday with two of its largest remaining antagonists in a move that will ensure its antitrust deal will not be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Typhoon Aere Pounds Taiwan, Heads Into China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - A powerful typhoon triggered landslides  and flash floods in northern Taiwan on Wednesday before plowing  into China where hundreds of thousands of people have been  evacuated.
3	 #39;Virgin Mary #39; sandwich back on eBay A 10-YEAR-OLD grilled cheese sandwich that a Florida woman says bears the image of the Virgin Mary was back on eBay on Tuesday after the Internet auction house initially cancelled bids that went up to US\$22,000 (\$36,500).
1	Progress Made in Baseball Steroid Talks (AP) AP - Baseball players and owners have made progress toward toughening rules on steroid testing, a move that would pre-empt congressional intervention.
3	Ants Form Supercolony Spanning 60 Miles (AP) AP - Normally clannish and agressive Argentine ants have become so laid back since arriving in Australia decades ago that they no longer fight neighboring nests and have formed a supercolony here that spans 60 miles, scientists say.
1	Raiders' Curry Done for the Season  ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders wide  receiver Ronald Curry suffered a torn left Achilles' tendon  during Sunday's loss to Kansas City and will miss the remainder  of the season.
2	Treasuries Trim Gains After GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices trimmed early  gains on Friday after U.S. economic data proved to be not quite  as weak as some bulls had been betting.
2	Kodak to Restructure in UK and France  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman  Kodak Co. announced on  Tuesday that it would restructure several plants based in  Britain and France, resulting in the loss of hundreds of jobs  by 2005.
0	Israeli Army Prepares for Showdown in Gaza (AP) AP - Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians' biggest refugee camp.
1	Roddick applies heater to Belarus Speeding again. But neither caught nor arrested. That was the  quot;Meteor Man, quot; Andy Roddick, burning rubber tennis balls and scorching the green South Carolina pavement of Daniel Island, a remote neighborhood of Charleston, thereby spicing his credentials as the heaviest-handed server in the game.
0	North Koreans say blast was demolition North Korean officials have announced that a huge explosion in its remote Northeast was part of a hydroelectric project. Mystery surrounded the blast in the mountainous province of Yanggang and fears grew 
2	GM hasn #39;t yet ruled out using Stelco steel in  #39;05 General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it may not dump Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) as a supplier even though Canada #39;s 
2	Board Members, Executives and Family Members Can Still Benefit  Many of Corporate Washington's executives and board members have side deals with the companies they oversee.
0	AP: Yushchenko Shows Record Dioxin Level New tests reveal Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko #39;s blood contains the second-highest level of dioxin poisoning ever recorded in a human - more than 6,000 times 
1	Players' Tempers Burn in the Land of Playoff Fever Baseball suspended Milton Bradley for the rest of the regular season Wednesday for throwing the kind of tantrum that is becoming commonplace in California.
3	Browsing the Browsers Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is the default Web browser for Windows users, but it may not be the best choice for your organization.
3	BAE Systems Unit to Buy DigitalNet Deal continues a consolidation of the market and would create a \$1.2 billion information technology division ranked among the federal government's top 10 providers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
2	Eyeing a Discount on Hastings The multimedia entertainment retailer doubles earnings despite poor book sales and video rentals.
2	Carotid stent gets FDA approval A new era in stroke prevention gained momentum Tuesday with government approval of a new treatment that clears blocked arteries supplying the brain without major surgery.
1	U.S. Softball Team Wins Third Gold Medal (AP) AP - They are America's newest golden girls  #151; powerful and just a shade from perfection. The U.S. softball team won its third straight gold medal with an unprecedented and nearly unblemished romp through the Olympics, capped by a 5-1 victory Monday over an Australian team that, like the rest of softball's elite, never had a chance.
2	Woolworths ups bid for ALH, Coles buys time SYDNEY: Australian supermarket giant Woolworths raised its bid for pubs chain ALH to A\$1.2bn (\$898m) on Monday, but rival Coles Myer played for time by winning a deadline extension.
0	Govt Confident UN Seat Won #39;t Spark Diplomatic Row Government has dismissed speculation that declaring its readiness to serve as a Permanent Member of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) could spark a diplomatic row with certain African countries.
1	Radcliffe #39;s shot at redemption backfires WHEN history repeats itself, no-one minds if the experience was enjoyable in the first instance, but watching Paula Radcliffe on Friday night was as harrowing as being made to sit through your least favourite movie, this time without the popcorn and only 
3	Jobs unveils Apple #39;s Photo iPod APPLE has introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a colour display as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
2	Oil Climbing Back Up After Supply Report  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows on Wednesday as U.S. heating oil stocks fell for an eighth  straight week ahead of winter.
3	Apple introduces iPod Photo, digital  #39;box set #39; Apple has introduced the iPod Photo, a version of the popular digital music player that can hold up to 25,000 digital photos alongside the user #39;s music library and displays them on its colour screen.
3	Ruling on refilled printer cartridges touches DMCA Defendant says powerhouse printer firm is invoking Digital Millennium Copyright Act to force consumers to buy its cartridges.
0	Security upgrade for airports EIGHT north-west airports will be issued with passenger screening equipment to boost security at regional airports, as part of a \$48 million package announced by the Federal Government yesterday.
2	Surprise drop US wholesale prices is mixed news for economy (AFP) AFP - A surprise drop in US wholesale prices in August showed inflation apparently in check, but analysts said this was good and bad news for the US economy.
3	Britain #39;s National Health Service Gets Money-Saving Deal from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A  quot;landmark agreement quot; with Microsoft to renew the NHS #39; license for desktop software would save an estimated \$608 million.
2	Update 1: Sprint Signs \$3 Billion Wireless Pacts Sprint Corp. said Tuesday it reached multi-year agreements totaling \$3 billion with Lucent Technologies Inc., Motorola Inc. and Nortel Networks Corp.
1	Rice won #39;t be a Lion While the Oakland Raiders might be willing to deal the soon-to-be Hall of Fame receiver before the Oct. 19 trade deadline, the Detroit Lions aren #39;t interested.
0	GILLARD DROPS OUT OF TREASURER CONTENTION Labor #39;s health spokeswoman, Julia Gillard, says she will not be standing for the position of shadow treasurer. Ms Gillard says it #39;s her own decision and not a response to weekend newspaper reports that Opposition 
1	Marion Jones wants BALCO founder to take lie detector Continuing efforts to clear her name that includes a \$25 million lawsuit filed this week against Victor Conte, Olympic sprinter Marion Jones on Thursday challenged the Bay Area Laboratory 
1	McGrath and Kasprowicz push India to the brink India enjoyed their best day of the first Test here yesterday but still face defeat on a pitch that is starting to favour the spinners.
3	Americans Win Video Game Gold Medal (AP) AP - Amid fanfare fit for actual world-class athletes, five Americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal Sunday in the popular "Counter Strike" competition of the World Cyber Games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite.
3	AOL backs away from Microsoft antispam plan  America Online Inc. has decided not to fully support Microsoft's Sender ID spam-fighting plan citing intellectual property concerns from the Internet Engineering Task Force and the open-source community.
0	Blair prepared to cut troop numbers in Northern Ireland Tony Blair will press ahead with scaling down the army presence in Northern Ireland even if there is no deal between the Ulster parties at this week #39;s talks in Kent aimed at restoring devolution in the Province.
3	Closing Arguments Made in Georgia #39;s  #39;Evolution Disclaimer #39; Trial In a trial, reminiscent of the 1925 Scopes trial in Tennessee, lawyers give their closing remarks on text book-sticker disclaimers stating that  #39;evolution is a theory, not a fact.
3	Gates may be world #39;s most spammed person E-mail users inundated with unsolicited spam messages have reason to hope Microsoft will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
3	Wavesat Says Its Created First WiMAX Chip Wavesat Inc., a developer of broadband wireless chips, said today it has delivered the first-ever WiMAX chip, the DM256. The company is planning to make the chips generally available early next month.
2	Oil Up as Ivan Threatens Oil Patch  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for  output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
1	UPDATE 1-India call up Bhandari for injured Balaji Indian medium-pacer Amit Bhandari will replace seamer Lakshmipathy Balaji, who was ruled out of the ICC Champions Trophy with an abdominal injury on Friday.
1	Spain Unchanged for Davis Cup Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Spain have named an unchanged team for  next month's Davis Cup final against the United States in  Seville as they bid to secure a second title in five years.
2	TXU Quadruples Dividend, Lifts Forecasts; Shares Soar (Update4) TXU Corp., the largest power company in Texas, more than quadrupled its dividend, restoring it to 94 percent of what it was about two years ago.
2	Studies confirm findings Clinic from 3 years ago Three years after cardiologists at the Cleveland Clinic warned of the dangers of the popular arthritis drug Vioxx, subsequent studies have found that the medication puts patients at greater risk of heart attacks and strokes.
0	Musharraf says won't quit as army chief (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has said he will stay on as army chief, reneging on a pledge to quit the powerful post by the end of the year.
1	Today #39;s Home News Greek athlete Fani Halkia finished in 52.82 to win the gold medal in the women #39;s 400m hurdles final on Wednesday. She is the third Greek athlete to win Olympic gold in an athletics event, after Voula Patoulidou and Costas Kenteris.
0	Lebanese Foreign Ministry says it is trying to secure release of 7 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Lebanese Embassy in Baghdad is working with Iraqis to secure the release of a 7-year-old Lebanese boy taken by kidnappers demanding \$150,000, Foreign Ministry officials said Monday.
3	GenVec Halts Human Testing of Top Drug GenVec Inc. has suspended human testing of its leading drug, a potential cancer therapy, after a patient died during a study. Its stock closed at \$1.20, down \$1.06. But analysts said the link between the death and the drug has yet to be proved. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Reds with a Spanish spine Rafael Benitez would not have imagined a more troubled introduction to his debut Premiership season following Michael Owen #39;s shock transfer. NANTHA KUMAR examines the tough transition period at Liverpool.LIVERPOOL Football Club were not the only party ...
2	Oil Charges Over \$50 on Nigeria Threat &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrew MItchell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to new record highs\above \$50 on Tuesday as rebel threats against Nigerian oil\facilities threatened to inflict further strain on global\supplies.&lt;/p&gt;
2	Northrop, BAE Systems win US government contract NEW YORK, August 26 (New Ratings) - The US government has reportedly selected Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC.NYS) and BAE Systems Plc (BA) to develop systems for protecting commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles.
2	Chain Store Sales Growth Slows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricanes Bonnie and Charley slowed  U.S. chain store sales growth in the latest week, a report said  on Tuesday.
2	Research In Motion beats estimates But shares fall in after-hours trading even though the company reports a sharply higher 2Q profit. TORONTO (Reuters) - Research In Motion Ltd.
2	So much for the  #39;soft patch #39; Satisfied that the economy is back on track, the Federal Reserve is likely to increase interest rates today, and in December as well.
1	Walter #39;s passing jolts Sun Devils awake TEMPE, Ariz. -- With 7:12 left in the game, Arizona State was beaten and left for dead. The Sun Devils trailed UCLA by 11 points. Safeties Riccardo Stewart and Josh Barrett were on the sideline with injuries.
0	Australia's Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's conservative Prime Minister  John Howard celebrated a thumping election victory Sunday after  voters, enjoying the fruits of a strong economy, gave him what  looked certain to be an increased majority.
2	Local gamer: Grand Theft Auto #39; steals the show Just how excited is Justin Field about the new  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; video game.  quot;(It #39;s) the best game on the planet, in my mind, quot; said Field, the owner of the Eugene store and gaming center Big City Gamin #39;.
0	Direct links can be a first step in building trust, say scholars Both Taiwan and China should see the issue of cross-strait direct transportation links as the initial step to creating mutual trust between each other, ahead of the concerns for regional peace, local scholars suggested yesterday.
3	Tenn. Seeks Help in Plant Categorization (AP) AP - State officials are calling on the public to help them count and categorize all the plants and animals in Tennessee's 54 parks.
3	Verizon to Extend Fiber Optics to Parts of Six Eastern States Verizon announced plans to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states.
3	Sun Moves Up With NAS, Down With SAN Besides unleashing Solaris 10, Sun Microsystems on Monday plans to turn the spotlight on new storage hardware and software offerings as part of its quarterly product launch.
1	BALCO Head Conte Admits Role as Steroid Mastermind  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Victor Conte, the head of BALCO  lab at the center of a global doping scandal, has detailed his  role in doping some of the top names in sport.
3	CITES Allows Swaziland to Export, Hunt Rhinos (Reuters) Reuters - A U.N. conference gave tiny Swaziland\the green light Tuesday to export some of its white rhinos and\bring in trophy hunters occasionally to shoot the massive\animals.
2	Sirius and Stern There is more to Howard Stern's migration to satellite radio than meets the FM dial's eye.
2	Showdown In The Ruhr Valley Deep in the heart of Germany #39;s Ruhr Valley, a column of 25,000 angry blue-collar workers and their families has taken to the streets of Bochum, waving banners and red union flags, beating drums and blowing whistles.
0	Pain Still Raw 6 Months After Madrid Bombs (AP) AP - The makeshift memorials of flowers, candles and children's drawings are gone. So are the black ribbons that hung from balconies and windows as symbols of mourning from one hellish day.
2	ATA accepts Southwest Airline #39;s bid for Midway airport operations INDIANAPOLIS ATA Holdings Corporation has accepted Southwest Airline #39;s 117 (m) million-dollar bid for its operations at Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport.
1	Mystery Over Coleman's Car Wreck Deepens (AP) AP - The Atlanta Falcons tried Wednesday to stifle speculation about Rod Coleman's mysterious car wreck.
2	Scientists work to protect crops SUFFOLK -- Virginia Tech scientists are preparing to protect the state #39;s largest crop from a disease with strong potential to do damage.
2	Nikkei Surges to One-Month High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average rose to its  highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes grew for a  seasonal year-end rally.
3	Yahoo's Yang Looks Back on 'Amazing Ride' Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
1	From the Grass Roots of Iowa Comes the Thinking Man's Passer A nightly ritual at the Orton household in Altoona, Iowa, prepared Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton for both of his potential professions.
1	Scotland V Hungary Player Ratings David Marshall  The Celtic goalkeeper continued his rapid rise to fame with his first international start. Blameless at the penalty and was given no chance with Hustzi #39;s stunning second. Unlucky to have Pressley #39;s attempted clearance cannon off him ...
1	UPDATE 2-Inter and Milan fail to take advantaqe Title hopefuls AC Milan and Inter Milan were held to draws in Serie A on Sunday failing to take full advantage of leaders Juventus #39; first defeat of the season.
2	Cognos Makes \$52.2 Million Offer for Frango Business-software maker Cognos will buy Swedish financial-reporting software company Frango for \$52.2 million. Cognos says the acquisition will strengthen its portfolio of corporate performance 
1	Okocha set to return vs Baggies Bolton playmaker Jay-Jay Okocha insists he will be fit to face West Brom on Saturday. Okocha was forced to sit out the draw against Birmingham at the weekend after suffering a groin injury in training on Friday.
2	High court hears dispute over Michigan interstate wine sales SUPREME COURT The US Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how alcoholic beverages are regulated and sold.
3	2004 Hurricane Season May Be Costliest on Record The arrival of Jeanne, the fourth powerful hurricane to slam into Florida in two months, makes it likely that 2004 will be the costliest hurricane season in U.S. history.
2	South African gold groups poised for merger A major re-ordering of South Africa #39;s gold mining industry is expected to get under way today with Gold Fields of South Africa poised to announce a multi-billion dollar merger with one of its big Johannesburg-based rivals, most likely Harmony Gold.
0	Salvadoran Prison Riot Kills at Least 20 Prisoners, EFE Reports August 18 (Bloomberg) -- A prison riot in the Central American nation of El Salvador killed at least 20 prisoners and wounded another 30, the Spanish news agency EFE reported, citing prosecutors. 
2	Dollar Struggles, Hits Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.
0	US may boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over helm (AFP) AFP - The United States has warned it might boycott ASEAN meetings when Myanmar takes over the chairmanship of the Southeast Asian grouping in 2006, unless the military-ruled state improves its human rights record.
1	No. 10 Kentucky Defeats Indiana, 73-58 (AP) AP - Patrick Sparks scored 16 points and No. 10 Kentucky dominated Indiana inside in a 73-58 win over the Hoosiers on Saturday.
2	Gasoline Fuels 7-Eleven's Growth The convenience store chain's sales growth depends heavily on high gas prices.
3	Netscape Browser 7.2 Released by AOL Netscape Browser 7.2 Released by AOL\\America Online has just released Netscape 7.2. Based on Mozilla 1.7, this latest version features better popup blocking, vCard support, an improved junk mail algorithm, better standards support, performance enhancements and several hundred other bug fixes. It also includes patches for recent security vulnerabilities according ...
0	India Orders Probe Into Taj Mahal Tilt (AP) AP - An Indian state government ordered an urgent investigation Wednesday after reports that one of the four minarets of the 17th century Taj Mahal  #151; the country's fabled monument to love  #151; has tilted slightly.
3	US giants move to can spammers The US #39;s biggest internet companies have launched yet another crackdown against spammers as part of their latest efforts to protect net users from junk email.
1	No. 17 Texas A M Nicks Colo. 29-26 in OT (AP) AP - Eric Pegram kicked a 19-yard field goal in overtime and Lee Foliaki recovered a fumble on the next possession, giving No. 17 Texas A amp;M a 29-26 victory over Colorado on Saturday.
2	Update 9: Russia Advances Plans to Break Up Yukos Russia moved ahead Friday with plans to break up the country #39;s largest oil producer, announcing it would auction off a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos next month.
3	Hackers Jump On Reported Windows Flaws Less than a day after Microsoft detailed the latest Windows vulnerability, hackers were hunting for exploit codes. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
2	Illinois Helps Residents Import Drugs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois residents will soon gain  access to lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United  Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S. regulators' objections  to imported drugs, Gov. Rod Blagojevich said on Tuesday.
1	Gunners, Devils to call truce With Arsenal set to meet Manchester United in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup, the Football Association is keen for the two clubs to call a truce following their fiery league game last month.
2	Barrett: Intel Doubles Dividend, Will Buy Back 500M Shares Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) on Wednesday said that it doubled its quarterly dividend, to 8 cents from 4 cents. Led by Chief Executive Craig Barrett, the firm said it expects to pay out about \$2 billion in dividends next year.
2	US Airways, pilots to resume talks US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union agreed to resume negotiations on wage and benefits cuts the carrier is seeking to operate during bankruptcy protection.
2	Starbucks Sales Up 13 Pct, Shares Rise Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said sales at stores open at least 13 months rose 13 percent in November, helped by the coffee shop chain #39;s early launch 
1	Real run out of gas against Deportivo Real Madrid paid the price for their midweek Champions League exertions as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat at home to Deportivo Coruna in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
2	UPDATE 4-Toll posts strong 4th-quarter homebuilding sales Luxury homebuilder Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported record fourth-quarter homebuilding sales and backlog, citing a growing population of affluent buyers.
3	Sony, IBM, Toshiba offer details on upcoming 'Cell' chip The three companies are investing billions of dollars to develop and prepare for mass production of Cell, a multicore semiconductor composed of several processors that work together to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
2	US industry wants H1B visa cap revisited Mr Kapil Sibal, Minister for Science and Technology; Mr Kenneth I. Juster, Under Secretary of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, US Department of Commerce; and Mr Harris Miller, President, Information Technology Association of America; at The India 
2	Interest Rate Changes Can Affect 401(k)s (AP) AP - With the stock market just sputtering along this year and the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, it may be time to review the holdings in your 401(k) retirement account.
0	Report: 18 Dead, 22 Hurt in Iran Accident (AP) AP - A truck slammed into three vehicles Sunday in southern Iran, killing at least 18 people and injuring 22, state-run television reported.
3	Intel cans Grantsdale WLAN plan Intel has formally dropped Wi-Fi support from its  #39;Grantsdale #39; chipset family and from its  #39;Alderwood #39; chipset. The chip giant will now not ship the promised add-in module which would allow PCs based on its 
0	Clashes erupt in northeast India angry villagers burned down houses of ethnic minority people they blame for separatist violence, police say. Settlers in the area attacked Bodo people and burned down at 
1	McCain Wants Changes Sen. John McCain reiterates the committment of Congress to force Major League Baseball to address their steroid abuse policies.
1	Klitschko Batters Williams to Retain WBC Title  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - Ukraine's Vitali Klitschko left Danny  Williams battered and bruised on Saturday, stopping the Briton  in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council  heavyweight crown.
2	What's Cool In the Pool ... ... And Hot On the Deck Americans are spending more on tricking out the places where they swim. Here's a look at the new wave of accessories
2	Blue Chips End Down, Merck Recall Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Dow Jones Industrial average  declined on Thursday after drug maker Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt;  recalled its widely sold Vioxx painkiller and its stock sunk 27  percent.
3	Hitachi #39;s Travelstar notebook harddrive upgraded to 100 GByte Hitachi increased the capacity of its Travelstar notebook harddrives. The consumer-targeted 5K100 and E5K100 for enterprise applications offer up to 100 GByte 
3	Health Highlights: Sept. 23, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----    Top Florida Court Strikes Down Tube-Feeding Law       The Florida Supreme Court on Thursday ruled unanimously that a law requiring a brain-dead woman to be connected to a feeding tube was illegal.      "We recognize that the tragic circumstances underlying this case make it difficult to put emotions aside and focus solely on the legal issue presented," the court said in its ruling...
3	H1-B Visa Cap Met in One Day Immigration officials have a message for employers hoping to hire foreign workers through the H1-B visa program for the fiscal year that began Friday: It's too late.
0	Hungary Bans Sale of Paprika (AP) AP - Hungary banned the sale of its signature spice, paprika, on Wednesday and told people not to use whatever supplies they had at home after more than a pinch of moldy toxin was found in products sold by three companies.
0	Hopes Pinned on Talks in Russia Hostage Drama (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen held hundreds of children\and adults captive in a school gym into the night in turbulent\southern Russia Thursday, but the Kremlin remained silent about\an attack which amounted to a huge humiliation.
3	Microsoft MSN Desktop Search Out Today? Microsofts MSN division will be holding a teleconference today at 1 pm EST to announce their newest addition to the MSN network.
3	Djibouti Refuge Shelters Endangered Cheetahs (Reuters) Reuters - Working with cheetahs, the world's\fastest land animal and now an endangered species, is a bit\different from treating cats and dogs, but Bertrand Lafrance\felt he had little choice.
3	Oracle brings SMB suite to North America Oracle Corp. is finally bringing to the North American market its Oracle E-Business Suite Special Edition, a midmarket-aimed package of pre-installed, preconfigured software from its 11i suite of business applications.
1	Sharapova Sinks Serena in Thrilling Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  capped her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena  Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour  Championships Monday.
3	A Tale of Two Osamas There are some interesting, and telling, differences between the CNN translation of Osama bin Laden's speech, and Aljazeera's.
3	Lots Of Interest in Lucene Desktop \\I've made a few passive mentions of my Lucene  Desktop prototype here on\PeerFear in the last few days and I'm amazed how much feedback I've had.  People\really want to start work on an Open Source desktop search based on Lucene.\\* Current Status *\\I have a prototype implemented that runs from the console and accepts a given\directory to index and writes it to /.lucene-desktop.  It then has a console\searcher that returns the output in grep format:\\file:rank\\I'm trying to get keyword in context to work but I haven't had a chance to hack\on this recently.  I need another 30 minutes to integrate the Lucene Highlighter\and then I should be done.\\At this point I will return:\\file:rank:hit ...\\
1	Dolphins weren't all game The Miami Dolphins arrived for their final exhibition game last night in New Orleans short nine players.
3	Yahoo Expands Search Wars to Mobile Service Yahoo COO Dan Rosenweig called the mobile effort a  quot;crucial step quot; in the development of relevant search products and said it is intended to take advantage of the growing base of its existing 
1	Cardinals #39; Smith, 35, leads oldies but goodies hit parade By Paul Connors, AP. The NFL #39;s elders made their mark Sunday, and in at least one case it resembled tire tracks. Emmitt Smith, 35, in his 15th season, became the oldest running back 
2	Yen Keeps Gains, Capped by Murky Outlook  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen kept most gains against the  dollar on Thursday after rallying to a four-week peak, but  investors saw no reason to push it higher due to growing  uncertainty about the outlook for the Japanese economy.
1	Pointing out alternatives It sounds as if Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge has been listening to one of those self-improvement tapes that repeat positive mantras. The message?  quot;I am happy with my roster. I am happy with my roster. quot; It's clear he will go to great lengths (or is that great pains?) to convince fans and reporters that he is comfortable ...
3	Sun posts \$174 million loss for the quarter SAN FRANCISCO - With \$190 million in charges on its balance sheet related to restructuring and its recent patent lawsuit settlement with Eastman Kodak Co., Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a net loss of \$174 million for its the first quarter of its fiscal 2005 year, which ended September 26.
1	Fuzzy Math Ohio State's national championship win over Miami in 2002 is the only time in recent memory that the college football season has ended absolutely free of controversy.
3	A Fantasy Field Trip to Jurassic Park The career of Richard Ellis advances the maxim that scientific knowledge is often moved forward by the work of committed amateurs.
0	Intelligence Bill Has Political Tinge WASHINGTON - After Congress shuffled the federal bureaucracy in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by creating the Homeland Security Department, Democrats lost control of the Senate and four seats in the House...
2	US economic growth seen slowing in 2005 US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending but improved business confidence should help beef up hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
2	Volkswagen, Union Make No Progress in First Wage Negotiation Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, and the IG Metall union said they made no progress in their first negotiating session on a new contract and it will be difficult to reach an accord.
1	Langer hails team spirit Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer has emphasised the strength of his players #39; team spirit ahead of Friday #39;s first day.
1	Cowboys lead Washington 7-0 after first quarter Eddie George scored on a 1-yard run with 4:01 left in the first quarter to give the Dallas Cowboys a 7-0 lead over the Washington Redskins on Monday night.
1	Auburn #39;s sweet and sour season: Sugar Bowl, no BCS title berth That #39;s the question confronting Auburn #39;s football team after the Tigers eased past Tennessee 38-28 in last night #39;s Southeastern Conference Championship game.
0	Israel launches air raid on Gaza An Israeli helicopter fires missiles into Gaza City as the army steps up operations against Palestinian militants.
3	New Worm Hijacks Webcams A new worm can spy on users by hijacking their Web cameras, a security firm warned Monday. The Rbot.gr worm -- the latest in a long line of similar worms; one security firm estimates that more than 4,000 variations 
3	Many Amphibians on the Verge of Extinction Eye of newt and toe of frog may one day be gone from witches grog. Indeed, not just frogs and newts but amphibians in general are rapidly becoming threatened worldwide, a new study shows.
3	Otto Group Sells Stake in Travelocity Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Munich-based catalog retailer Otto Group\sold a stake in its European online travel operations to U.S.\business partner Travelocity for 26.6 million euros ( #36;32.8\million), the companies said on Monday.
3	Warming May Be Less Severe in Central U.S. (AP) AP - Anticipated global warming by mid-century may be less severe in the central U.S. than elsewhere in the country, researchers said Tuesday.
3	Dell Axim X50 and X50v Pocket PC reviews roundup You cant get your hands on one quite yet (they want to see how badly you really want it and so wont be shipping them out until the 18th), but tons of reviews of Dells new Axim X50 and X50v Pocket PCs have started popping up, and as were known 
3	FCC Backs Bells on Fiber Phone Line Sharing Limits (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators on Thursday said big\local phone companies will not have to share new fiber-optic\lines built for high-speed Internet and other services,\spurring one carrier to speed roll-out plans.
1	Lindley takes the lead at Longs Drugs Auburn, CA (Sports Network) - Leta Lindley fired a six-under 65 on Saturday to take the lead through 54 holes of the Longs Drugs Challenge.
2	Circuit City Cuts Loss, Stock Soars  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook  computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
3	Hard drives to accelerate into gadgets A report predicts one third of all hard drives will be in consumer electronics devices by 2008.
3	Mozilla Updates Firefox Browser Mozilla has released a preview version of its open source FireFox Web browser. FireFox 1.0PR includes some bug fixes and many new features, including Live Bookmarks, a new Find toolbar and better IE compatability.
1	Neuville suspended for scoring with hand The German football association (DFB) suspended Germany international Oliver Neuville for two matches on Monday for deliberately handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39;s Bundesliga action.
3	Star Trek to boldly go massively multiplayer in 2007 San Francisco based developer Perpetual Entertainment has announced that it has secured the rights to create a massively multiplayer game based on Viacom #39;s Star Trek franchise, which it plans to release in 2007.
3	Swiss e-vote gets thumbs up SWITZERLAND HAS managed to stage what it thinks is the first legally binding internet vote in a national referendum. More than 2720 people in four Geneva suburbs, about one in five voters in the region who 
3	Windows XP Security Update Delayed Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.
1	Nedved quits international scene Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedved has announced he is quitting international football to concentrate on his club career with Juventus.
1	On this night, Blount pays off There may have been times this season when you wondered if Mark Blount really was worth all the fuss, not to mention the \$38 million. Sunday night (6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 fouls, 18 minutes) might have been one of those times. Last night was not.
1	American leads early in decathlon American Bryan Clay took the lead through the first three events of the Olympic decathlon Monday. Allyson Felix of the United States also posted the fastest time in the opening round of the 200-meter dash, a 22.
1	Peirsol sets 200 back world record American swimmer Aaron Peirsol set a world record of one minute and 50.52 seconds in the men #39;s 200-meter backstroke final here Monday at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana.
2	House Backs \$388 Billion Spending Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Saturday easily backed a \$388 billion package financing  government programs in this fiscal year from bus stops to  foreign aid after days of battling over measures in the bill.
3	Netflix, TiVo Team Up on Broadband Movie Delivery Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
1	Kederis awaits drugs charges Kostas Kederis, Greece #39;s disgraced former Olympic champion, has said he is confident he will clear his name in court if authorities in Athens decide to charge him with deliberately avoiding a drugs test.
0	Japanese prime minister reshuffles cabinet Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his cabinet yesterday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support and quicken the pace of reforms in the world #39;s second-largest economy.
3	Hot Gadget Preview at CES 2005 Awards Best in consumer electronics displayed at CES Innovation Awards.
1	Knicks Swat Hornets 86-79 New York Knicks #39; Stephon Marbury (3) fires over New Orleans Hornets #39; Dan Dickau (2) during the second half in New Orleans Wednesday night, Dec. 8, 2004.
1	Halifax keeps CIS basketball championships CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Halifax will remain as the host city for the men #39;s university basketball championships for the next three years.
2	Ottawa Says Time to Stop Protecting Air Canada The Canadian government, in a radical shift, said on Friday it was time to stop protecting national carrier Air Canada as it mulled whether to lift foreign ownership restrictions on the country #39;s airlines.
0	North Korea Talks May Be Victim of US Polls Hopes for a September round of six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear crisis were evaporating on Tuesday as Pyongyang hinted it was awaiting the outcome of the US presidential race.
2	China says investment boom crackdown is working Chinese entertainers at the Three Gorges Tourist Festival, near the world #39;s largest hydro project. Vice-Permier Huang Ju says lending curbs are slowing China #39;s investment boom.
3	Columbus may not be buried in Caribbean Researchers who gleaned DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic, but for now they can #39;t be sure.
3	IBM seeks to ease database burden IBM next week will release a major revision of its DB2 database, providing fresh ammunition in the ongoing battle for supremacy in the database marketplace.
2	McDonald #39;s 3rd-quarter earnings rise McDonald #39;s (MCD) third-quarter earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 on a preliminary basis, the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower tax rate.
3	The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear Last Wednesday BBC2 aired part one of a three part series called The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear.
2	Japan, U.S. to Resume Some Beef Imports (Reuters) Reuters - Japan and the United States agreed on\Saturday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since\December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state,\but did not set a date for restarting trade.
0	Fighting in Western Afghanistan Kills 3 (AP) AP - Fighting between rival factions in western Afghanistan killed three militiamen and injured another seven, officials said Tuesday, despite the presence of government and U.S. troops.
1	Souness ties up Toon deal Graeme Souness, a 33-1 outsider for the vacant managerial post at Newcastle this morning, has resigned his role at Blackburn and agreed terms with the Magpies, who he will join on Monday.
1	China eager for its turn to host ATHENS - Xiao Tian delivered an impassioned lecture for 35 minutes, without taking a question or pausing for translation. Four days before the end of the Olympics, the assistant mission chief of the Chinese 
0	Myanmar to Detain Suu Kyi Another Year -- Party (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's military rulers will keep\opposition icon Aung San Suu Kyi isolated under house arrest\until at least Nov. 27 next year, her National League for\Democracy (NLD) said on Wednesday.
2	China Aviation Oil Says Still in Business The main supplier of jet fuel to China is continuing to do business despite a criminal investigation of its US\$550 million (euro414 million) in losses on derivative trading, the company said.
0	Small mercy of Ivan the Terrible THEY had been urged to pray for a last-minute miracle as Hurricane Ivan, one of the most ferocious storms in Caribbean history, tore towards their vulnerable island.
2	Retail Sales Drop in August Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
3	Sinus Infections Crop Up in Autumn Fall marks start of more than cold and flu season    HealthDayNews -- Not only is fall the start of the cold and flu season, it's also the time of year when sinus infections become more common.    "The cooler, dry weather associated with the fall allergy season will cause an increase in the frequency and severity of sinus infections and sinus headaches, especially in seasonal allergy sufferers...
2	Be open to reform, business groups told Too many business interests are clinging to a failed status quo and resisting necessary governance reforms, the government #39;s top securities regulator said yesterday.
3	Genetic Map Created for First Breed of Cattle Scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, giving researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products.
1	Vettori spins Kiwis to victory Daniel Vettori bowled New Zealand to victory in the First Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka today. The home side crashed to defeat by an innings and 99 runs as they were dismissed for 126 immediately after lunch on the fourth day.
1	Chances of a goodwill gesture are shaky Veteran outfielder Larry Walker, a proud son of Maple Ridge, British Columbia, dropped a little bit of Canadian hockey heritage into America's pastime when his Cardinals played the Dodgers in the National League Division Series.
1	Sox slap a high-five for beating ChiSox After tiptoeing through a minefield of controversy, upheaval and unexpected mediocrity for more than three months, the Red Sox stats, schedule finally have their strut back.
3	SAP introduces security service com December 15, 2004, 2:54 PM PT. SAP is starting a computer security service for its corporate customers, the German software maker announced on Wednesday.
3	Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative\\Security flaws have long plagued Internet Explorer (IE), the market-dominating web browser from Microsoft. IE won the early browser wars, not only because it was free and bundled with Windows, but because it had some features and capabilities that its only real ...
1	Driver #39;s seat is his Heisman win This happened a year ago, after USC capped its regular season with an all-afternoon assault on the Oregon State end zone. Outside the Coliseum, the parents of some Trojans players celebrated 
3	High hopes to salvage Genesis science Wreckage from the Genesis space capsule yielded good news on Friday when NASA scientists announced the solar payload may still fulfill its scientific promise.
2	Mills buys stakes in 9 GM-owned malls Virginia-based REIT will pay \$1B, before transaction costs, for a 50 stake in the properties. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Real estate investment trust Mills Corp. said Tuesday it will buy a 50 percent managing stake in nine regional malls from a General Motors ...
3	We Owe Much to DES (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - DES did yeoman security service for thousands of applications, says Counterpane Internet Security CEO Bruce Schneier.
0	Iraq #39;s interim president, Jordan #39;s king visit White House Welcoming Iraq #39;s interim president to the White House offers President Bush a chance to persuade Iraqi minority groups to participate in next month #39;s election - pivotal step toward a democracy still threatened by a violent 
1	Finish line, November 1 Andre Agassi lost the Stockholm (Sweden) Open final in a third-set tiebreaker to Thomas Johansson, who won 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7-4) to capture this tournament for the second time.
0	U.S., Iraqi Forces Take Key Samarra Buildings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi troops took control  of government and police buildings in Samarra early on Friday  after insurgents had undermined security in the Iraqi city, the  U.S. military said.
1	Messina upsets AC Milan; Juventus leads Serie A Messina upset defending champion AC Milan 2-1 Wednesday, while Juventus won its third straight game to stay alone atop the Italian league standings.
1	Huff Leads Devil Rays Past Blue Jays 4-2 (AP) AP - Aubrey Huff hit his 29th homer and Mark Hendrickson pitched seven solid innings, leading the Tampa Bay Devil Rays past the Toronto Blue Jays 4-2 Friday night.
0	Govt braces for bird flu Theresa Torres, Reporter. Sharing its neighbors fears of a bird-flu pandemic after the first probable case of human-to-human infection was reported in Thailand, the Philippine government on Wednes 
3	Samsung SDI develops world's first '3D' mobile display (AFP) AFP - South Korea's Samsung SDI Co., the world's leading display maker, said that it has developed the first all-angle three-dimensional (3D) display panels for mobile phones.
2	Stocks Open Near Flat as Oil Near Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Monday as crude prices remain near their record highs, but  early reports of victory for the Venezuelan president in a  referendum on his rule eased fears about the country's oil  exports.
3	Web Sites Agree to Be Accessible to Blind In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired.
3	Microsoft: The reality behind the image CNET News.com's Charles Cooper explains why the company remains wildly successful despite a string of mediocre product launches.
3	Ad campaign touts multimedia cards com September 22, 2004, 5:04 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
2	Treasury Flat After Testing 7-Month Low  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt yields hit a  seven-month low on Monday as stubbornly high energy prices  hinted at a slowdown in economic growth.
0	Press Association Faults U.S. Restrictions (AP) AP - The Inter-American Press Association criticized the U.S. government on Sunday for placing restrictions on foreign journalists' travels and for recent court rulings ordering reporters to reveal secret sources.
0	Liberty likely for Bhutto A Pakistani court has granted bail to the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, which should result in his release after eight years in prison.
1	No. 9 Tar Heels top Indiana North Carolina was ready for its test Wednesday night. Rashad McCants and Raymond Felton made sure the Tar Heels passed. McCants scored 19 points and Felton added 18 to lead the No.
3	Gates undaunted by Linux Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance on Friday at the US Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
3	EU iTunes Music Store A European Union version of Apple #146;s iTunes Music Store gives music fans in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain the same innovative features and breakthrough price of  #8364;0.99 per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world. Apple will launch the iTunes Music Store in Canada in November. Oct 26
1	St. Louis in control with third baseman belting two homers St. Louis manager Tony La Russa was looking for a positive spin on the opening-round postseason struggles of Cardinals clean- up hitter Scott Rolen and quickly 
1	Searching for Offense Coach Ralph Friedgen, long deemed an offensive guru, is still searching for a way to shake Maryland out of its scoring funk.
1	No rest as Holmes returns for heats Kelly Holmes was due back in the Olympic stadium on Tuesday evening less than 24 hours after becoming the first British woman to win gold in the 800metres for 40 years.
3	Apple pitches music industry on U2-style promos (MacCentral) MacCentral - U2 has been a familiar sight to iTunes Music Store visitors in recent weeks, with the online music store featuring everything from a U2-themed iPod to a digital boxed set of the Irish rock band's recordings. And if Apple has its way, other musical acts will enjoy a similar promotional push as part of an effort to bolster business at the online store, the director of iTunes product marketing told a gathering of music industry executives Wednesday.
1	Coach to clash with former point guard Geno Auriemma has coached many great players while turning Connecticut into a five-time national champion. He will coach against one of them for the first time Tuesday night.
3	HD-DVD Drives Find a Place in the PC NEC, Toshiba will put the next-generation DVD technology in desktops and laptops next year.
1	Federer seeks grand finale to season For Roger Federer, simple equates to sanity. Simple is his stated game plan. He has put a box around his life, and only the important things are allowed in.
2	AMD Unleashes Athlon 64 FX-55 Processor The AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000, also announced today, provides businesses and consumers with world-class performance and enables a more secure computing environment.
3	Apple To Unveil Special-Edition U2 iPod Apple Computer is reportedly readying a new special-edition iPod that will coincide with the release of U2 #39;s upcoming CD, entitled  quot;Vertigo.
2	Three-city hotel workers strike looms The threat of a strike by bellmen, housekeepers, and other Southern California hotel employees loomed larger yesterday, as an overwhelming majority of the workers gave their leaders a green light to call a walkout.
0	Bird flu transmitted between humans in Thailand A 26-year-old Thai woman who died of acute pneumonia on 20 September was a probable case of human-to-human transmission of the H5N1 bird flu virus, the Thai Ministry of Public Health confirmed on Tuesday.
3	IBM unpacks new storage gear NEW YORK--IBM has introduced two new storage products that the company said provides customers with better performance at a lower cost.
2	Investors Reward Kmart, Sears and Their Suppliers Stocks rose as an \$11 billion offer by Kmart for Sears, Roebuck lifted retailers and better-than-expected earnings from Hewlett-Packard ignited a rally in technology shares.
1	Today's schedule Pro baseball: Red Sox vs. Toronto at Fenway Park, 7 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Camden at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.; International League -- Pawtucket vs. Buffalo at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 7 p.m.; Eastern League: Portland vs. New Britain at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 7 p.m.; Northeast League -- Brockton vs. New Haven at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, ...
3	Saint Francis Hospital digitizes patient records with GE systems TULSA, Okla. - Saint Francis Hospital, a Tulsa heart-care center, announced on Monday that with the aid of GE Healthcare it has installed of a new information technology system to handle hospital files.
0	Radical cleric arrested under British anti-terror law; U.S. wants extradition (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Police arrested a radical Muslim cleric Thursday on suspicion of preparing or instigating "acts of terrorism," a move that could delay U.S. attempts to extradite the suspect for allegedly trying to establish a terrorist training camp in Oregon and on other charges.
3	Microsoft Won #39;t Give SP2 Security Fixes to Older Browsers  quot;The most secure version of Windows today is Windows XP with SP2, quot; Microsoft explained in a statement it issued.  quot;We recommend that customers upgrade to XP and SP2 as quickly as possible.
0	Chinese FM discusses boosting links with Yemen (AFP) AFP - Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing concluded a visit to Yemen after handing President Ali Abdullah Saleh a message from his Chinese counterpart proposing boosting political and economic links between the two countries, the official SABA news agency reported.
1	United punks have little to sing about This was punk against opera, and punk won. Manchester United against Arsenal now has all the fervour and spite of the Buenos Aires derby, Barcelona against Real Madrid or Fenerbache v Galatasaray.
1	Manning in, Warner out for Giants Rookie Eli Manning has replaced two-time most valuable player Kurt Warner as the New York Giants #39; starting quarterback. Coach Tom Coughlin made the move after Warner and the offense struggled for the second 
3	Music industry sues Net song-swappers The piracy-battered music industry will for the first time sue British, French and Austrian music fans, including a French school teacher 
0	Karzai ahead in Afghan election  #39;For the national interest and so the country does not go into crisis, we will respect the result of the election. But we also want the fraud to be made clear.
1	Eagles Defensive Tackle Thomas Injured (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive tackle Hollis Thomas could miss the playoffs for the fourth straight season, this time with a dislocated elbow.
1	SWIM ACE ON DRINK DRIVE RAP The American swimmer, who won eight medals in Athens this year, was stopped by police after he sped through a stop sign. A state trooper in Salisbury, Maryland, saw signs of intoxication in the 19-year-old 
3	Microsoft's Ownership of Trademark in Doubt (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - First "Windows," now "Excel." New York City-based software company Savvysoft says Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has demanded that it drop the name Excel from its TurboExcel product, which makes Microsoft's Excel portable to other systems like Linux. Trouble is, Microsoft does not yet own the trademark to the name "Excel."
1	Sportsview: Which Are the Best Two Teams? (AP) AP - Southern California is No. 1 in the polls and the BCS standings. The computers prefer Oklahoma. Auburn's victories over Georgia and Tennessee might be the season's two most impressive performances. The Trojans, Sooners and Tigers are all 11-0, but the Bowl Championship Series can only accommodate two teams in its national title game.
1	As Liverpool lose points at Anfield, need for new faces obvious Liverpool have lost two Portsmouth #39;s point at injury time. Portsmouth #39;s Lomana Lua Lua spoiled Christmas party for Liverpool scoring a late equaliser to earn a point against the Reds in a 1-1 draw at Anfield.
0	Aborted Six-Nation Talks After all, the fourth round of six-nation talks to discuss North Korean nuclear programs misses its initial deadline of Thursday Sept.
1	Red Sox to meet with Pedro in Dominican BOSTON -- The Red Sox offered arbitration to nine players Tuesday, including three key players who helped the club win its first World Series since 1918.
1	Ferguson tells United --  #39;You must beat Arsenal #39; Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson says next week #39;s game against Premier League champions Arsenal is a  #39;must win #39; affair for his struggling side.
2	Selling lifestyle and TVs Tweeter is caught in the Wal-Mart pickle. Known for top-of-the-line electronics and custom installations, the Canton retailer has been squeezed ever since Wal-Mart began selling televisions en masse.
0	Curfew eased in tense Kathmandu KATHMANDU: Nepalese authorities have briefly lifted a curfew to let people carry out essential tasks after a quiet night following riots that left two dead.
2	Mills Buys Into Lakeforest Mall Mills Corp., the Arlington-based retail developer, said yesterday it plans to buy half of Lakeforest Mall in Gaithersburg and eight other malls around the country in a billion-dollar deal that gives it a new portfolio of shopping centers to redevelop in the years ahead.
3	Google market debut draws near Google's market flotation draws a step closer as the firm asks regulators to approve the paperwork.
1	You know the Bears got jobbed when Pac-10 rivals come to their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Looks like you were right on about Cal getting passed over for the Rose Bowl bid. I don #39;t think it would have made a bit of difference if Cal had won by 110 points instead of just 10.
0	Americans from Plattsburgh come to Quebec to get their flu shots (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LACOLLE, Que. (CP) - Several hundred seniors from northern New York state  boarded buses and arrived in this Canadian border community on Friday to pay  #36;25 US each for their flu shots.
0	Lanxess Moving Texas Factory to China (AP) AP - Lanxess Corp., a chemicals and polymers unit of Bayer Corp., plans to move one of its factories from Texas to eastern China's Shandong province, state media reported Wednesday.
0	Iraqi Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end an uprising in the holy city of Najaf. 
2	Johnson Controls Sees Revenue, Earns Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts supplier Johnson Controls  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it expects higher sales and  earnings in fiscal 2005, driven by strength in both its  automotive group and controls business.
2	Delta Stock Up After Pilots' Deal Reached (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  has\reached a tentative contract with its pilots that will save the\cash-strapped airline  #36;1 billion annually, sending its shares\soaring almost 25 percent on Thursday.
3	IBM to Buy Content Management Developer Venetica IBM on Thursday agreed to acquire Venetica Corp., a maker of content integration software that allows enterprises to access and embed unstructured data including business documents, e-mail, digital media, still images, and Web pages.
0	Republicans Might Be Yankees of Politics (AP) AP - Republicans hold their convention next week in New York, home to the GOP-like Yankees. The Democrats chose Boston, whose Red Sox resemble that party.
1	Bryant gets 1st PGA win Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event yesterday, closing with a 3-under-par 67 for a three-stroke victory over Providence's Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open in San Antonio.
2	US Airways warns on pensions US Airways Group Inc. has warned a bankruptcy court that it is considering whether to freeze or terminate two pension plans covering nearly 25,000 participants, The Wall Street Journal reports.
3	Mount St Helens rumbles in US A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St Helens yesterday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October. US Geological Survey scientists said they did not believe a major eruption was 
3	Taipei Opts for Wi-Fi (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The city of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available throughout the Taiwanese capital by the end of next year.
2	Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Oil, Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.29\percent on Monday with airlines, exporters and banks under\selling pressure amid growing worries about higher oil prices\and the domestic economic outlook.
2	A revolution grows up Is the revolution over already? I'm talking about the Internet retailing revolution, which over the past six years has changed the way much of America shops.
0	US forces kill four in suspected Al Qaeda compounds KABUL, Afghanistan -- US-led troops mounted overnight raids on suspected Al Qaeda compounds in eastern Afghanistan, killing four people and detaining several others, officials said yesterday.
3	Microsoft Passes on Itanium Microsofts upcoming Windows for clustered computers operating system will not support Intels powerful Intanium 2 chipset according to News.
0	Hilton Offers Reward for Lost Chihuahua LOS ANGELES - It's been a rough month for hotel heiress Paris Hilton. First, her Hollywood Hills home was burglarized and now her pet Chihuahua, Tinkerbell, has disappeared...
1	Enough to make you flip Friday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even pre-UHF days as the three local  quot;originals quot; served up a special night of sports programming. Although Red Sox-White Sox was on Channel 4's  quot;sister quot; station, Channel 38, it ...
2	HK Bourse: Release from Hutchison Whampoa On Connected Deal -8 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited takes no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in 
0	Annan Rejects Calls for His Resignation (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected calls for his resignation from several U.S. lawmakers, saying Tuesday he will "carry on" at the helm of the United Nations for the next two years.
3	Hi-tech phones sent TV channels Digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi-tech mobile telephones in a UK first.
1	 #39;MASSES OF INTEREST #39; IN BUYING JAGUAR TEAM Jaguar boss Tony Purnell has revealed there is  quot;masses of interest quot; in buying the troubled Formula One team. Purnell, who runs Jaguar a part of his role as chief of Ford #39;s premier performance division, believes 
2	Delta stays Delta Air Lines #39; third-largest hub at Salt Lake City International Airport will be spared from closure and will gain 58 daily flights, including one to Mexico, under a far-reaching 
3	Traders Bet on Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Options traders have been\building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  (PSFT.O) as\investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle Corp.'s\hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders\said on Monday.
2	Cendant nears deal to acquire Orbitz The Cendant Corp., which owns Avis car rental and the Days Inn hotel chain, is close to a deal to buy Orbitz, the online travel service controlled by an alliance of airlines, for about 
3	Air Force to standardize Microsoft configurations The US Air Force early next year will require its 525,000 personnel and civilian support staff to use a single and specially configured version of Microsofts operating system and applications, said the military departments CIO.
2	Bayer Drug Can Be Combined With Others German drug maker Bayer AG said Tuesday that early-stage trials of an experimental cancer treatment showed no significant safety concerns when used in combination with other drugs.
0	Zarqawi Group Denies Report It Bought Italians -Web  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group headed by al Qaeda ally  Abu Musab al Zarqawi denied on Monday it had bought two Italian  women hostages from their Iraqi captors, an Internet statement  said.
0	Blast near Australian embassy SEVEN people were killed in a car bombing at a cafe near the Australian embassy in Baghdad today. At least 20 other people were wounded, a US officer at the scene of the blast said.
3	Criticism heaped on Caltrans as bridge costs spiral upward \$19 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Demolition of the 1927 span of the Carquinez Bridge, projected by Caltrans engineers to cost \$16 million, will likely climb to about \$35 million, according to a Bechtel Corp.
1	Argentina takes basketball gold, US settles for bronze ATHENS--Argentina was crowned Olympic men #39;s basketball king Saturday night as it eased to a 84-69 victory over Italy in the gold medal game at Olympic Indoor Hall.
2	U.S. Treasuries Drift Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday but trade was subdued as the market pondered the  scale of interest rate hikes a day after the Federal Reserve  delivered its third straight rate increase.
3	Gateway expands PC configuration options Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company's Web site and call centers.
2	Monti blasted over Abbey comments Banking group HBOS yesterday criticised European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti for appearing to welcome the 8.8 billion takeover of Abbey National 
3	Google IPO Shares Surge in Market Debut Shares of Google Inc. (GOOG) surged nearly 22 percent in their market debut Thursday, the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the 6-year-old dot-com dreamed up in a college dorm room.
1	No. 17 Michigan 24, San Diego State 21 Braylon Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter, to lead No. 17 Michigan past San Diego State 24-21 on Saturday.
1	United face takeover bid Manchester United have received a  quot;preliminary approach quot; regarding a  quot;possible offer quot; to takeover the club. The club #39;s board said they are  quot;seeking clarification of this proposal quot; and that at this stage  quot;it is unclear whether any offer will be made quot;.
0	Report: Islamic Group Says Behind Jakarta Bomb  DUBAI (Reuters) - The Jemaah Islamiah group said in a  purported Internet statement it carried out Thursday's attack  on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, and warned of more unless  Australia withdraws forces from Iraq.
0	Myanmar Frees Prominent Political Prisoners Myanmar #39;s junta freed at least two dozen members of democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi #39;s political party on Friday during a mass release of 4,000 people detained  quot;inappropriately 
1	Coliseum the site of a Brown love-in? Bee Staff Writer. ALAMEDA - The best advice for Tim Brown on what he should do when he enters the Coliseum on Sunday comes from the self-proclaimed  quot;Mr.
3	Titan: A Good Mystery When was the last time you read a good mystery novel, or munched popcorn while watching a mystery flick at your local theater? Odds are, either of these entertainments set you back at least \$10 and lasted a few hours.
0	Nonviolent protest offers little hope for Palestinians JERUSALEM The arrival in the Middle East of Arun Gandhi, preaching his grandfather Mahatma Gandhi #39;s message of love, brotherhood and nonviolence to conflict-weary Israelis and Palestinians, has raised tentative hopes that the bloody conflict may be 
1	Braves ace listed day-to-day with bruised ankle The Braves gasped when Jaret Wright was forced to leave in the third inning of Tuesday night #39;s game against the Mets after being struck just above his right foot with line drive.
1	Crowd size could be in the eye of beholder But as soon as Mayor Thomas M. Menino #39;s staff announced that the crowd at Saturday #39;s Red Sox  #39; #39;rolling rally quot; celebration totaled 3.2 million people 
3	Nasa plan comet mission Nasa has announced that the launch of a pioneering mission to further understanding of the make-up of comets will take place in January next year.
1	THECHAT &lt;em&gt;  Gene Simmons and his tongue came to Richmond International Raceway last weekend to promote three KISS-themed NASCAR vehicles and a line of die-cast collectible replicas.&lt;/em&gt;
1	Illini Could Be the 1 Illinois, off to a 7-0 start entering Thursday's game against Georgetown, felt all along it was the best team in the country.
3	Bridgestone to release paper-thin-display price tags in 2005 Japan-based tire manufacturer Bridgestone plans to release a monochrome paper-thin display for use as tags, according to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News.
3	Nintendo DS Media Adaptor soon Soon Japanese owners of the Nintendo DS (Dual Screen), their latest handheld console, and GameBoy Advance SP will be able to play music and video with a new adaptor on their pocket marvels.
0	Lawmakers Move Toward Deal on Storm Aid (AP) AP - House-Senate bargainers neared agreement Friday on an election-season  #36;14.7 billion package of aid for East Coast hurricane victims and drought-stricken farmers, participants said.
2	Amazon Snaps Up China #39;s Largest Web Retailer Amazon.com says it has reached an agreement to buy Joyo.com, the largest Internet retailer of books, music and videos in China, in a deal worth \$75 million. The rapid growth of broadband access in the region makes Asia a particularly ...
3	Satellite Mishap Blamed on Human Error A \$239 million satellite toppled to a factory floor last year because nobody bothered to check that it was secure before moving it, according to a NASA investigation board's report on the mishap.
2	US durables down in August, underlying trend still strong Orders for durable goods, a key gauge of consumer and business demand, fell in the US by 0.5 per cent last month, a greater decline than the market expected.
0	Sudan Faces EU Sanctions Over Darfur Violence  BRUSSELS/KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - The European Union was  to threaten sanctions Monday against Sudan's government for  failing to stop "massive and severe" human rights abuses by  Arab militia against African villagers in Darfur.
3	AT amp;T forms Net phone alliance com September 21, 2004, 3:39 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
3	Check Point's optimistic pessimist Check Point Software Technology's Gil Shwed weighs in on who's winning the war of attrition between virus writers and the security companies they drive crazy.
0	Australian leaders prepare for October poll Australia #39;s Prime Minister and the country #39;s main opposition leader say  quot;trust quot; will be a key issue when voters go to the polls on October the ninth.
3	Swift Sees the Light NASA -- If we were able to see Gamma-Ray Bursts (GRBs) with the naked eye, they would look as though the universe were taking daily flash photos of us from different parts of the sky.    Never occurring in the same spot twice, GRBs are totally unpredictable...
0	Iran Says Uranium Conversion Plant Nearly Finished (Reuters) Reuters - A key Iranian nuclear facility which the\U.N.'s nuclear watchdog has urged Tehran to shut down is\nearing completion, a senior Iranian nuclear official said on\Sunday.
1	Racist taunts at England-Spain Fans taunted black players on England #39;s team Wednesday night during Spain #39;s 1-0 victory in an exhibition game. Fans at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium made monkey sounds whenever Shaun Wright-Phillips and Ashley Cole had the ball.
0	Guinea-Bissau Standoff Ends as Soldiers Sign Deal  BISSAU (Reuters) - Soldiers who staged a mutiny last week  in Guinea-Bissau agreed on Sunday to return to their barracks  after striking a deal with the government to end a five-day  standoff in the West African country.
3	Microsoft Ready to Comply if EU Appeal Lost By PAUL GEITNER    BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) said Monday it is ready to put a stripped-down version of Windows on the market if it fails this week to persuade a judge to suspend a landmark European Union antitrust decision...
1	It's Blackmon's busy season Will Blackmon anchors the Boston College secondary as the resident shut-down cornerback, but it is by no means his only contribution to the Eagles. Blackmon also returns kickoffs and punts, and is so proficient that he leads the nation in kickoff returns with an average of 35.8 yards. One of his returns was a spectacular 96-yard touchdown against Ball State ...
1	No. 7 Texas Defeats New Mexico, 73-56 (AP) AP - Senior guard Jamie Carey scored a career-high 28 points, including six 3-pointers, to lead No. 7 Texas past New Mexico 73-56 on Saturday.
3	Nokia bringing P2P to phones Nokia researchers have developed a new peer-to-peer (P2P) scheme tailored specifically for mobile phones. Still in a development and testing phase, the network 
0	White House on Defensive After Bremer Talk WASHINGTON - The White House staunchly defended its Iraq policy Tuesday as new questions emerged about President Bush's prewar decisions and postwar planning: An impending weapons report undercut the administration's main rationale for the war, and the former head of the American occupation said the United States had too few troops in Iraq after the invasion.    Four weeks before Election Day, Democrat John Kerry pounced on the acknowledgment by former Iraq administrator Paul Bremer that the United States had "paid a big price" for insufficient troop levels...
2	Sun, Eastman Kodak settle high-stakes dispute over Java Sun Microsystems Inc. will pay Eastman Kodak Co. \$92 million to license patents originally filed by Wang Laboratories, a former minicomputer maker in Lowell.
1	Carter vows full effort despite unhappiness In his first public statements since a trade demand last month, the Toronto Raptors star defiantly refused to soften his position yesterday, but insisted that he would still play hard for the team he wants to leave.
0	UK hostage 'pleads for his life' A video posted on an Islamist website purportedly shows a Briton being held hostage in Iraq pleading for his life.
3	The Future of Team Ninja Itagaki shares his thoughts on DOA Ultimate and reveals new info on Dead or Alive 4. December 01, 2004 - Dead or Alive Ultimate shipped in late October, proving itself to truly be among the ultimate fighting games on Xbox.
3	Arctic warming at twice global rate Global warming in the Arctic is happening now, warns the most comprehensive scientific report to date. The reports concludes that the northern ice cap is warming at twice the global rate and that this will lead to serious consequences for the planet.
1	Patriots Open With Win Mike Vanderjagt misses a 48-yard field goal in the final seconds as defending champion New England holds on for a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday.
1	Brawlers suspended THE National Basketball Association suspended four players yesterday in the wake of one of the worst brawls in North American pro sports history.
1	Rimando's Prime-Time Net Work A game-winning save in penalty kicks last Saturday marked the pinnacle of a tumultous season for United keeper Nick Rimando.
2	Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week-MBA  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home mortgages  declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage  rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
2	Stocks Close Higher, Dow Above 10,000  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought  beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000  for the first time in 2 weeks.
2	Yukos lawyer #39;s offices searched MOSCOW : Russian prosecutors searched the offices of a Yukos lawyer defending a top shareholder who is accused of siphoning off money from the company #39;s accounts, a spokesman said.
2	US Accounting Board Approves Options-Expense Rule (Update1) The US Financial Accounting Standards Board approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense and delayed its implementation until next June.
2	How mutual funds can be like marriage Within the past two weeks, we also celebrated our 10th anniversary and 15th anniversary of holding two of our favorite investments.
1	Mickelson wins PGA Grand Slam of Golf Masters champion Phil Mickelson shot 13-under 59 to win the PGA Grand Slam of Golf. Masters champion Phil Mickelson tapped in a birdie on the final hole to become the fifth 
1	Gerrard Is The Key, Says Benitez Rafa Benitez believes that the return to action of Steven Gerrard will give Liverpool the impetus they need as they prepare for the crunch Champions League trip to Monaco.
0	Police reveal prime suspects POLICE last night released the names and mugshots of the bombers and terror masterminds believed responsible for the Australian Embassy attack in Jakarta.
3	Allen-Rutan partner aims high POWAY, Calif. -- The man whose firm built the engine expected to power SpaceShipOne into suborbital space today plans to build his own craft and compete with his more celebrated partners, Paul Allen and Burt Rutan, for the extraterrestrial turf.
3	Hollywood Writer Sues Microsoft Over Yoga Game  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Academy Award-winning screenwriter  Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for  purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after  the software giant sought his advice for winning over women to  videogames, his attorney said on Tuesday.
1	Nadal beats Sanguinetti in an hour Madrid, Spain - Spanish youngster Rafael Nadal needed only an hour to push past Italy #39;s Davide Sanguinetti in straight sets on Tuesday and advance to the second round of the Madrid Masters.
0	Germany Plans New Camp in Afghanistan Ahead of the next general elections in Afghanistan, Germany #39;s army intends to build a military camp south of Kabul to boost security at the start of the next year, a defense ministry spokesman said Saturday.
0	Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its rival from Down Under in the most thrilling race of the Athens Games...
3	Windows XP SP2 -- test your applications Learn about the plethora of security enhancements included in Windows XP Service Pack 2, as well as how these security features could impair the functionality of some applications.
0	Japan awakes to quake devastation OJIYA, Japan -- Thousands of residents in northern Japan spent the night outdoors after three powerful earthquakes rattled the region, killing at least 16 people.
2	Ford Motor Co. announces changing of the guard DETROIT (AFP) - The Ford Motor Co. announced that two company veterans who were instrumental in the company #39;s turnaround will retire from the company in February.
0	Asia ; New Violence Hits S.Thailand After  #39;Peace Bombing #39; In another incident, two gunmen shot dead a former prosecutor in Pattani province on Sunday, police said. The bird campaign, launched by Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra weeks ahead of a general election, caught 
1	Pakistan score 256 for eight on second day of Faisalabad Test: Sports India, Cricket: Faisalabad, Oct. 21 : Pakistan scored 256 for the loss of eight wickets on the second day of the Faisalabad test.
0	HAITI: A Brutal Regime Shows Its Colors On October 9, the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) voted once again to postpone the resumption of normal relations with the Washington-installed Haitian government of Prime Minister Gerard Latortue, citing the latter #39;s campaign of persecution against ousted 
1	Spa is  #39;magic #39; track - Schumacher It #39;s no F1 secret, but Spa-Francorchamps - not far from Michael Schumacher #39;s German birthplace - is his favourite track. Ferrari #39;s champion won last time out in Belgium (2002) and will probably wrap-up title number seven in the Ardennes on Sunday.
3	IPod Promoters Feel the Heat FreeiPods.com is busier than ever, but users complain about spam, mishandled accounts and shipping delays. The company admits there are difficulties, but blames the problems on the site's popularity, not a crumbling pyramid. By Leander Kahney.
1	Despite judging error, Hamm #39;s gold medal shows no tarnish Let me be clear here, since some self-righteous columnists who wouldn #39;t know a handstand from a night stand have entered the fray: Paul Hamm should not give up his gold medal.
3	Infocus: Detecting Worms and Abnormal Activities with NetFlow, Part 1 This paper discusses the use of NetFlow, a traffic profile monitoring technology available on many routers, for use in the early detection of worms, spammers, and other abnormal network activity in large enterprise networks and service providers.
1	Hamilton gears up for fight after Swiss team drops him Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton has been jettisoned from the cycling team he captained, but the Marblehead bike ace vowed yesterday to fight doping allegations that have damaged his reputation and put his career in doubt.
0	Voters Head to the Polls in Australia Election  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians voted on Saturday in an  election which offered the choice between a conservative  government that unreservedly backs the United States and its  Iraq war and a Labor opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
2	Australia #39;s Pacific Hydro FY04 Net A\$40.7M, Up 39 CANBERRA (Dow Jones)--Renewable energy generator Pacific Hydro Ltd. (PHY.AU) reported Wednesday a 39 jump in net profit, including a one-time tax benefit, to A\$40.7 million in the fiscal year ended June 30, up from A\$29.3 million in the previous year. 
0	Iraqi PM Allawi #39;s cousin freed CAIRO - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi #39;s cousin, Ghazi Allawi, has been released by his kidnappers, Dubai-based Al-Arabiya satellite television reported Sunday.
3	Intel unveils tri-mode Wi-Fi for Centrino Intel launched its  #39;Callexico 2 #39; tri-mode Wi-Fi adaptor for notebook PCs yesterday, as anticipated. The part, which will ship as the ProWireless 2915ABG, adds 802.
0	Bhutan forbids all tobacco sales A ban on the sale of all tobacco products comes into force in the remote Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
1	Glazer raises his share again Malcolm Glazer #39;s patient acquisition of Manchester United continues, his shareholding in the Premiership club now standing at 28.
0	Germany #39;s Schroeder confirms adopting Russian toddler German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder confirmed on Wednesday that he and his wife have adopted a child, reported to be a girl from a Russian orphanage, but has called on the media to respect his family #39;s privacy. 
0	One Israeli officers is among three killed Israelis in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Palestinian groups yesterday carried out a joint operation at a military position near Mouraj settlement to the north of Rafah to the south of Gaza that resulted in killing three Israeli soldiers, one of them is an officer and wounding other two.
2	Asset Writedown Hurts MCI Between them, the three carriers have cut back the value of their long distance networks by \$18.4 billion (AT amp;T #39;s writedown was \$11.
3	Sybase Server Available On IBM Linux Hardware (TechWeb) TechWeb - Sybase Inc. on Tuesday said it plans to ship next year a version of its Linux-based database on IBM's eServer systems.
0	CRPF camp attack: Two militants killed SRINAGAR: The two militants, who had stormed a security camp killing five CRPF personnel, were shot dead on Saturday by security forces, ending a 30-hour long gunbattle at Sopore, 55 km from Srinagar, in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir.
3	IBM in attack mode with  #39;budget #39; Power kit IBM is attacking every rival system it can think of with a new line of low-cost Unix servers aimed at mid-sized customers. The p5-520 and p5-550 fit in IBM #39;s Express line of  quot;budget quot; hardware be they servers or storage systems.
2	Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon is reopening a controversial 23 (b) billion dollar deal with Boeing to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force.
2	Computer Associates to Cut 800 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, to cut costs amid weaker demand and falling  prices for software and services.
0	Dozens arrested in Mafia swoop ITALIAN anti-Mafia magistrates ordered the arrest of 65 people as part of a massive police swoop in Naples early today in a bid to staunch the bloodletting in a turf war which has killed more than 120 people, Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu said.
1	McLaren Pleased With Boro Outburst Middlesbrough manager Steven McClaren was delighted by his team #39;s offensive output against Manchester City Monday night. Striker Mark Viduka scored twice, and his striker partner Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink scored the other in a 3-2 win.
1	AL Wrap: Santana Solid on Mound as Twins Beat Yankees NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johan Santana pitched seven strong innings to win his fifth straight start and Shannon Stewart homered, had three hits and two RBI to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7-2 home win over the New York Yankees. 
1	The Red Sox-Cardinals Legacy Description: A look at the Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series, past and present. The Red Sox and this evening and same date on the last day in the season players on a nice day between a Polish champagne.
2	Judge grants Stewart's request to start serving term, urges Conn. or Fla. sites Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale. Her company's stock surged 12 percent.
1	Truex Jr. wins at Dover Dover, DE (Sports Network) - Series points leader Martin Truex Jr. earned the win in Saturday afternoon #39;s Stacker 200 Busch race at the Dover International Speedway.
2	UPDATE 1-IMF says Iraq has place for basic economic program Iraq #39;s government has the capacity to proceed with a basic economic program, the International Monetary Fund said on Monday, even as authorities struggle to contain violence before elections set for January.
1	Sub hits US hat-trick UNITED STATES, Mexico and Guatemala advanced to next year #39;s North American final round World Cup 2006 qualifying with shutout triumphs today, leaving seven nations to fight over three remaining spots.
2	Registers ring, stores are listening  Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
1	drivers #39; role in the big picture If things worked like the most cynical believe they do, Tony Stewart would get six speeding penalties in Sunday #39;s Banquet 400 at Kansas Speedway.
2	High court weighs direct wine shipment WASHINGTON - State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday, as it heard arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how 
0	Update 1: Regulators Ask Prosecutors to Probe UFJ Financial regulators on Thursday asked prosecutors to investigate allegations that UFJ Holdings Inc. #39;s banking unit illegally obstructed recent inspections by reporting misleading information about its nonperforming loans.
2	IT  amp; BPO may hog headlines, WEF index puts India at 55th NEW DELHI: India ranks 55th in a World Economic Forum ranking of 104 countries in terms of growth competitiveness. As per the WEFs Global Competitiveness Report 2004-05, Finland, home to Nokia, is the world 
0	A brotherhood of survivors  CHIRAN, Japan -- These are the dusky days of old age that kamikaze pilots like Shigeyoshi Hamazono were not supposed to see.
0	Ethiopia Struggles to Feed Itself 20 Yrs After Famine (Reuters) Reuters - A ragged band of children\emerges ghost-like from mists in Ethiopia's highlands,\thrusting bunches of carrots at a car full of foreigners.
0	A Family Crisis in Divided Sudan The experience of Ibrahim Mohamed Doud and his two wives, one African and one Arab, illustrates the tangled ethnicity of Darfur, the scene of the violent displacement of 1.5 million people.
0	Broad Use of Harsh Tactics Is Described at Cuba Base Many detainees at Guantnamo Bay were regularly subjected to harsh and coercive treatment, several people who worked in the prison said in recent interviews.
1	It just isn't Minutemen's time vs. BC The cynics will point to the final score of Boston College's 29-7 victory over the University of Massachusetts yesterday before an Alumni Stadium crowd of 43,262 and conclude that the Eagles didn't win convincingly enough against their Division 1-AA opponents.
2	Oracle Opens Legal Fight Oracle charged that PeopleSoft #39;s ousted chief executive, Craig A. Conway, lied to analysts in telling them that the Oracle takeover bid was no longer a factor in PeopleSoft #39;s ability to write new business.
0	Ukraine aims to control poison probe KIEV -- Ukraine's outgoing government sought yesterday to control the inquiry into the poisoning of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko, with officials close to the government taking charge of both investigations into who tried to harm or kill the leader of the Orange Revolution.
3	The Friday File: First shots fired in new browser war? You #39;ve made your Web browser a part of the operating system, and you #39;ve effectively vanquished every other Web browser in the world to minimal importance.
2	Colgate to slash 10pc of workforce Colgate-Palmolive, the toothpaste-to-bleach consumer goods giant, is cutting more than one in 10 of its workforce across the world.
3	Snubbing the RIAA, Part II A long time ago (or so it seems), I wrote Snubbing the RIAA, Part I, in an attempt to provide some sources of non-RIAA backed music to the readers of K5.  What follows is Part II, in which I present some more sources of great music, and some ways to tell if your favourite artist belongs to an RIAA-member label.
3	Space Station crew heads home THE Russian and US crew of the International Space Station were due to land back on earth in the early hours of this morning. The astronauts were set to hurtle back to Earth inside a Russian space capsule, ending their six-month mission.
3	British tycoon plans for commercial space flights British airline magnate Richard Branson announces a hugely ambitious plan for the world #39;s first commercial space flights, saying he will send  quot;thousands quot; of fee-paying astronauts into orbit in the next five years.
0	Ivory Coast Warplanes Kill 9 French Soldiers  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast warplanes killed nine  French soldiers on Saturday in a bombing raid during the  fiercest clashes with rebels for 18 months and France hit back  by destroying most of the West African country's small  airforce.
0	Britain offers sweeteners to win allies for Ankara Britain will this week offer a series of concessions to France and Germany to assuage their fears about Turkish membership of the European Union.
1	Japan #39;s Women Wrestlers Win 2 Golds; Medal Count Sets Record Japan #39;s women wrestlers added four medals, including two golds, to lead the country to a record Olympic performance and be within one gold medal of its biggest haul of championships.
3	Oracle further extends PeopleSoft offer Oracle Corp. has again extended its \$7.7 billion cash offer for PeopleSoft Inc. Shareholders now have until Oct. 8 to tender their shares, Oracle said Thursday.
3	SP2 Said To Cause Problems In 10 Percent of Windows XP PCs Upgrading to Service Pack 2 (SP2) will cause problems with about one out of every 10 PC running Windows XP, according to research published Tuesday by a Canadian asset-monitoring service provider.
2	US consumer confidence falls as election race goes to the wire WASHINGTON - Americans are becoming increasingly glum about their economic prospects, as uncertainty over the outcome of the neck-and-neck presidential race grows.
3	Jeanne Costs Money, Time at Florida Spaceport Jeanne was the third hurricane in six weeks to damage Florida #39;s Kennedy Space Center but NASA would not say on Monday whether the damage will set back plans to resume space shuttle flights next March.
2	Novell wins windfall Microsoft settlement As software disputes go, Novell #39;s decade-long antitrust claim against Microsoft was particularly drawn out. That made the \$536 million payoff announced Monday especially sweet.
1	Brugnetti Strides to First Gold in 20km Walk ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on Friday with a commanding performance in the men #39;s 20km walk. 
0	880 Pounds of Cocaine Seized Off Colombia (AP) AP - A joint French, American and British anti-narcotics operation intercepted four smugglers with 880 pounds of cocaine off the coast of Colombia this week, France's Defense Ministry said Friday.
2	Justices hear arguments about Internet wine sales Supreme Court justices on Tuesday uncorked tough questions for states that ban direct shipments of wine. With eager winemakers looking on, the court confronted two competing constitutional mandates.
0	Falluja takes more US hits At least four people have been killed in the latest US onslaught on the Iraqi city of Falluja overnight. Ten others were injured on Tuesday as US warplanes again bombed Falluja, targeting the area of al-Askari 
2	Gap Profit Off, Sees More Store Closings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  specialty apparel retailer, on Thursday reported a slight  decline in quarterly profit, meeting lowered forecasts, after  summer clearance sales drew surprisingly small crowds.
2	WTO Rules US Must Allow Online Gambling Antigua is saying that the US does not allow online gambling within its borders but that there are large numbers of American gambling organizations overseas.
1	Mateschitz wants Coulthard Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz has thrown his support behind David Coulthard gaining a seat in his team in 2005. The former McLaren driver has impressed in testing and while Mateschitz, the man behind 
3	Video Girlfriends Demand Diamonds She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you #39;ll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a  quot;virtual girlfriend quot; for new cell phones with video capability.
2	Disney Profit Up, TV Outshines Studio (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co.  posted a 24\percent rise in profit on Thursday as advertising gains at ESPN\and ABC television networks more than made up for a sharp\slowdown at Disney's movie studio.
1	Bears leap on Giants #39; errors EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ  The Chicago Bears forced five turnovers Sunday, three of them in a 20-point explosion late in the half, in beating the New York Giants 28-21.
1	Leverkusen hammer Real Madrid 3-0 Bayer Leverkusen, losing finalists to Real Madrid in 2002, hammered the Spaniards, 3-0, yesterday, the most stunning upset in the opening rotation of the Champions League.
3	Intel and AMD Keep Value Battle Alive With their 64-bit chip war running at full tilt, rivals Intel and AMD (Quote, Chart) are bolstering efforts on their value-priced lineups.
1	Cisse operation successful MANCHESTER, Nov 1 (SW) - Following Djibril Cisse #39;s horrendous double break injury at the weekend, Liverpool have revealed the operation the striker underwent yesterday had been a success.
1	Rebels threaten gates AUSTRALIA #39;s best players will be forced to take a pay cut running into thousands of dollars if a West Indian dispute leaves a second-string Caribbean side touring Australia for the one-day series.
2	Stocks lower on rising oil prices, uncertainty over next week #39;s US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - North American stock markets were lower Monday Monday afternoon on volatile oil prices, mixed earnings reports and the inability to predict a winner in next week #39;s US presidential election.
1	Barbour makes decisive move Donors come up with much of the money As soon as Sandy Barbour arrived as Cal #39;s athletic director in September, she knew she would be judged by one criterion: Could she keep Jeff Tedford?
0	World growth highest since 1973 The world's economy should grow at its fastest rate in 30 years in 2004, despite rising oil prices, the IMF says.
3	Microsoft launches Portable Media Center in the UK Microsoft has finally announced that it will start shipping its Portable Media Center addition which will allow players like the Creative Zen to go on sale in the coming weeks.
0	Japan warns of prison crowding Japan's prisons are at their most crowded in years, a result of rising crime and longer sentences.
1	Furcal's Arrest Disappoints Braves Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second D.U.I. arrest in four years.
1	Michelin secure asphalt clean sweep. Markko Martin and his Michelin shod Ford Focus proved victory two weeks ago in Corsica owed nothing to the fact that his main opponent, Sebastien Loeb, had his sights set more on claiming the necessary points to clinch the 2004 Drivers #39; and Manufacturers 
0	Recovery operations resume at China landslide, at least 23 dead (AFP) AFP - Recovery operations at a landslide in southwest China which left at least 23 dead and scores missing have resumed as nearby coal mines were shut for investigations into their possible role in the disaster.
2	Global Markets: Oil Prices Ease  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased again on Tuesday with  the re-opening of two Iraqi pipelines, helping lift shares but  leaving most financial markets trading in narrow ranges after  sharp reactions in previous sessions.
0	PEACE ON EARTH As the holiday season approaches, there is no greater hope for Peace on Earth and Goodwill to men than this months awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Kenyan conservationist Wangari Maathai, who has become a symbol of peace and harmony between Man and 
0	Arafat #39;s condition is improving, aide says PARIS -- Yasser Arafat #39;s health is improving, one of his aides said Tuesday, repeating that tests have ruled out leukemia as the cause of the Palestinian leader #39;s health problems.
0	Breakaway Tamil Tiger Launches Political Party  COLOMBO (Reuters) - A breakaway Tamil Tiger commander who  split with the notorious Sri Lankan rebel group in March  launched a new political movement on Tuesday, accusing the  guerrillas' shadowy leader of turning them into terrorists.
2	High Hog Prices Boost Smithfield Foods  CHICAGO  (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. pork producer, on Tuesday reported quarterly  earnings jumped 61 percent on high hog prices, strong pork  exports and the acquisition of a pork processor.
3	China #39;s Consumer Electronics Market Grows China #39;s consumer electronics market will grow by almost 90 percent to \$94 billion by 2007 as manufacturers shift to high-end digital products and away from more basic items like toys and watches, an industry publication forecasts.
3	Chorus Frog Found Croaking in Virginia (AP) AP - The Southern chorus frog has been found in southeastern Virginia, far outside its previously known range. The animal had never before been reported north of Beaufort County, N.C., about 125 miles to the south.
2	IBM puts PC business up for sale IBM, the company that invented the PC, has put its PC business up for sale, according to the New York Times, and is in discussions with China #39;s largest maker of personal computers, Lenovo Group (formerly Legend Group), and at least one other potential 
0	Chirac tour falls flat for French President Jacques Chirac has been busy talking up the advantages of trade with France on his current Asian tour - but back home the newspapers have been lukewarm on his performance.
1	Yankees' Giambi Treated for Tumor in Pituitary Gland  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees first baseman  Jason Giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in  his pituitary gland.
0	Blair undecided on Iraq troop movement British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government has made no decision on whether to send 650 troops in Iraq to relieve US forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country.
1	Giambi Returns To Yankees #39; Lineup Kansas City, MO -- New York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi will make his first appearance since late July, as the former American League MVP was inserted in the starting lineup for Tuesday night #39;s game against the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium 
0	Frustrated Taiwan May Rethink Strategy for U.N.  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan is considering applying to join  the United Nations under the island's own name, a move that  China would see as a provocative declaration of independence by  a renegade province.
1	Busch wins pole for season-ending race Kurt Busch, last in the qualifying line and first in the NASCAR Nextel Cup points, waited out 54 other drivers Friday and then won the pole for the season-ending Ford 400, which will determine the 2004 champion.
2	UK inflation rate falls Britain #39;s inflation rate dropped to 1.3 in August as lower clothing prices helped to keep it well below the Bank of England #39;s target, official figures showed today.
2	IMF failing to agree on debt plan The International Monetary Fund appears to be unable to agree on a debt relief plan for the world's poorest nations.
3	Shuttle repair price tag soars WASHINGTON -- NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top \$2.
3	Michoud cheers support for space shuttle NASA #39;s decision to reconsider using a space shuttle to repair the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope is potentially good news for the eastern New Orleans plant that makes external fuel tanks for the shuttle, a plant spokesman said Thursday.
3	Researchers to Probe Algae on Lake Shore (AP) AP - Researchers are going scuba diving in Lake Michigan later this month to try to learn why an increasing amount of stinky green algae is accumulating on the shore.
3	Soaring toward extinction The next century definitely will not be for the birds as the changing world takes a toll on many species. By 2100, about 10 percent of all bird species probably will be extinct, killed off by habitat loss, hunting 
2	Blockbuster move: biggest video and game renter eliminating late &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s biggest video rental company, has presented a promise to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
2	Banks Drop Support of Bid for Russian Oil Giant's Unit A consortium of international banks has withdrawn their support for a bid by the state gas monopoly Gazprom to buy one of Yukos's prized assets.
2	DirecTV Reports Larger Q3 Loss DirecTV reported a net loss of just over \$1 billion in the quarter ended September 30th, compared to a loss of \$23 million in the same period last year.
3	Scientist Stephen Hawking Decries Iraq War (AP) AP - Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, condemned the U.S. led invasion of Iraq as a "war crime" and said Tuesday it was based on lies.
2	Marsh CEO on hot seat Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeff Greenberg may soon be on his way out the door as head of the world #39;s biggest - and most troubled - insurance broker.
2	Specter of inflation, led by gasoline, rising again WASHINGTON - Consumer prices in October posted their biggest increase in five months, pinching people #39;s pocketbooks at the gasoline pump and at the grocery store.
3	Motorola to Test MasterCard PayPass Technology Motorola Inc. will be conducting a field trial of mobile phones enabled with MasterCard PayPass, a new  quot;contactless quot; payment option that will allow users to use their phones to make payments.
2	Fonterra Says Offer for National Foods Is Generous #39; (Update1) Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd., the world #39;s biggest dairy exporter, said its A\$1.34 billion (\$1.01 billion) offer for the rest of National Foods Ltd.
2	Update 3: Comcast, Time Warner Consider Joint Bid Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. said they are exploring a potential joint bid for Adelphia Communications Corp., the troubled cable company that put itself on the block as part of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding.
0	Chinese Firm to Make Advanced Chips (AP) AP - Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp., a leading Chinese computer chip maker, plans to begin supplying chips using more advanced technology to major clients such as Texas Instruments Inc. beginning next year, the companies said Friday.
2	HJ Heinz reports drop in quarterly profit CHICAGO - Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. Tuesday reported a 9 percent drop in quarterly profit after spinning off some brands, but demand for new items like Ore-Ida Extra Crispy fries helped to boost sales.
0	US gives blessing #39; to road map freeze An Israeli army tank moves into the Gaza Strip, Oct 6. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s  quot;unilateral disengagement quot; plan means  quot;the freezing of the peace process quot; with US permission, a senior Sharon aide said Wednesday.
1	SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Jeff Kent is doing his best to try and carry the Houston Astros to the postseason. Kent continued his big September by knocking in four runs as the Astros posted an 8-3 victory over the mistake-prone St.
2	SEC Gives the Thumbs Up to Google #39;s IPO Earlier Wednesday, Google cut the range of its IPO price to \$85-\$95 per share from \$108-\$135 per share and the number of shares that will be sold from 25.7 million to 19.6 million. The cuts mean Google could raise about \$1.8 billion in ...
0	Russian upper house ratifies Kyoto Protocol Russia #39;s upper house of parliament has ratified the Kyoto Protocol, leaving President Vladimir Putin #39;s signature as the final step to kickstart global efforts to control climate change.
0	Bomb explodes in Indonesian Poso killing 3 A bomb exploded in front of market in Poso district of Central Sulawesi province, in eastern part of Indonesia on Saturday, killing three people and seriously injured six others, the district police said.
2	U.S. Economy Seen on Solid Footing  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for U.S. durable goods fell  unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation  equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in  evidence the economy is again pumping strongly.
0	Report: 7-Year-Old Boy Kidnapped in Iraq (AP) AP - Gunmen in Iraq have abducted a 7-year-old Lebanese boy and are demanding  #36;150,000 for his release, Lebanon's official news agency reported Sunday.
1	Gardocki Feels Steelers-Browns Rivalry (AP) AP - Chris Gardocki found himself flat on his back, the wind knocked out of him and Steelers linebacker Joey Porter hovering above him. His temper rising every second he was on the turf, the Browns' punter got up and flashed an angry gesture toward coach Bill Cowher and the Steelers' bench.
2	Citigroup ousts three after banking scandal Citigroup Inc., the financial services giant, said yesterday that it was removing three senior executives in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan.
2	Japan-Europe flight fares to rise 5 as oil prices continue to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : International carriers are to raise fares on flights from Japan to Europe by five percent in mid-January to cope with soaring oil prices, Japanese airlines said.
2	Google Blazes Lonely IPO Trail Few experts who tried to predict how Google's much-antipated IPO would perform managed to get it right, and no firms have opted to follow its auction approach. By Joanna Glasner.
1	Team GB Hoping for More Olympic Success Team GB will be hoping for more of the same at the Olympics today after finally delivering on the big stage with a four-medal haul. 
0	For North Korea, Openness Proves a Two-Way Street Before his defection 11 months ago, Kim, a 35-year-old with round-rimmed glasses and a self-assured air, enjoyed the relatively blessed life of the North Korean elite.
1	Pampling Leads Australian Open (AP) AP - Australia's Rod Pampling took a four-stroke lead in the centennial Australian Open on Friday, shooting his second straight 4-under 67.
0	Jamal Lewis Deal Would Include Jail Time ATLANTA - Lawyers for Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis are negotiating a plea deal in his drug conspiracy case that would allow him to serve jail time in the offseason, a source close to the case told The Associated Press on Saturday.    Under a deal being discussed with federal prosecutors, the pro football player would serve four to six months - possibly split between jail and a halfway house - when the season concludes, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity...
3	Symantec Upgrades Norton Security Products Revamped Norton AntiVirus, Personal Firewall, and AntiSpam tools fight pests and dangers online.
1	A New-Age General Manager Helps End an Age-Old Curse Until Theo Epstein became the general manager of the Boston Red Sox two years ago, at 28, life had offered him little cause to believe in superstition.
3	Yahoo Unveils Budget Domains Deal Domain hosting and parking services drop in price, rise in capacity to lure small businesses.
2	Bridging a generational Gap Charla Moseley shops at Gap stores for every member of her family: her 13-year-old daughter, 18-year-old son and her youngest boy, 6. The 38-year-old art organization manager 
0	Fresh Unrest in Ivory Coast Despite Peace Efforts  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters in Ivory Coast on Tuesday after days of rioting in  the main city Abidjan.
3	Perens hits out at Sun over OpenOffice Open source developers who contribute to OpenOffice should stop donating their code to Sun Microsystems, open source advocate Bruce Perens has urged.
0	Nine Afghan soldiers killed in attacks Suspected Taliban militants have launched a string of attacks on security posts in southern Afghanistan, killing nine soldiers, an official said.
1	Greeks under fire for drug policing ATHENS -- On the day the world track federation (IAAF) opened an investigation into alleged drug violations by two Greek sprinters and their coach, IAAF Doping Commission chairman Arne Ljungqvist said the organization had long been unhappy with Greece's approach to anti-doping rules.
0	3 countries sign pact to disarm rebel groups KAMPALA -- Uganda, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of Congo agreed yesterday to immediately disarm rebel groups who threaten peace and security in Africa's Great Lakes region. The agreement was signed following US-sponsored talks in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, between delegations led by Ugandan Defense Minister Amama Mbabazi, Rwanda's Foreign Minister Charles Murigande, and his Congolese counterpart, Raymond Ramazani Baya. ...
0	End the Genocide Now Seldom has the gulf between diplomatic talk and effective action been as stark as it was this week at the United Nations. Yesterday President Bush, speaking before the 
0	Reports: Allawi says Iraq could spread out elections Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi says national elections scheduled for Jan. 30 could be staged over two or three weeks so that the military can protect voters in dangerous places.
3	PluggedIn: New Gadgets May Divert Drivers' Eyes from the Road (Reuters) Reuters - Drivers still learning how to talk\on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an\even more complex world.
3	Invasion of the Data Snatchers Think your PC is safe? Think again. A new study indicates your home computer is likely bogged down with spyware, viruses and other scourges wrought by hackers and PC pranksters.
1	2004 NLCS Preview: Cardinals vs. Astros The best team in the National League will meet the hottest team in baseball when the Cards take on the Astros in the LCS. Game 2: Matt Morris (0-1, 5.14 ERA, 5 K) vs.
2	KB Toys to Close Up to 238 Stores (Reuters) Reuters - Bankrupt toy seller KB Toys Inc. said\on Tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores\by the end of January as part of its reorganization effort.
3	Iomega preps WiFi storage solution Iomega is soon expected to ship its first network-attached storage (NAS) device based on wireless networking technology. Called the NAS 100d, the product will be marketed as an entry-level 
0	Argentina Clears Suspects in Anti-Jewish Bomb  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - An Argentine court on  Thursday acquitted five suspected accomplices in the 1994  bombing of a Jewish community center in which 85 people were  killed and ordered new probes into the case's botched  investigation.
1	Hewitt Rusty but Wins Adelaide Opener (AP) AP - Top-seeded Lleyton Hewitt opened his 2005 singles season with a 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 win over French qualifier Arnaud Clement in a first-round match Tuesday at the Australian men's hardcourt tennis championships.
1	Chiefs' Offense on a Roll Again (AP) AP - Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and the star quarterback finds the Pro Bowl tight end.
1	Mets May Pick Up ex-Yank NEW YORK - The Angels #39; surprise trade of Jose Guillen to the Expos Friday eliminated one potential addition to the Mets #39; lineup, and possibly one of the suitors for high-priced catcher Mike Piazza.
3	Probe arrives at Moon #39;s gateway European spacecraft Smart 1 is at the Moon #39;s gateway, the region beyond which the probe is tugged more strongly by lunar gravity than by the Earth #39;s.
1	Billy Reay, Hawks #39; winningest coach, dead at 86 Billy Reay, the winningest coach in Blackhawks history and a two-time Stanley Cup champion as a player, died Thursday at age 86. Reay, who had suffered from cancer 
2	Mortgage Applications Off in Oct. 22 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased\from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
3	Microsoft: 1Q Earnings Up 11 Percent (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
1	 #39;Satisfied #39; Benitez left wanting more RAFAEL BENITEZ last night insisted there was more to come from Liverpool after the  quot;fantastic start quot; to their Champions League return.
3	Genius solves \$1m mystery ONE of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been cracked by a reclusive Russian who has no interest in the million dollar prize his solution could win him.
1	Angels' Vladimir Guerrero Wins AL MVP (AP) AP - Vladimir Guerrero figured someone from his baseball-crazed country would be chosen as the American League's Most Valuable Player.
2	1st US Jet Since War to Land in Vietnam For the first time since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, a US passenger jet was on its way to Vietnam on Friday. United Flight 869 took off from San Francisco 
2	Moto Touts PTT Upgrade SCHAUMBURG, Ill. -- Motorola, Inc. (NYSE: MOT - message board) today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Nextel Communications Inc.
1	Owens makes his presence felt, even without a dance And in Week 12, Terrell Owens paused to become just another Eagle contributing to just another victory. No controversy. No ceremony.
3	Latest worm attack prompts call for increased antivirus vigilance Online security experts urge computer users to update their systems #39; antivirus measures, after a wave of attacks by the Zafi.d worm that have swamped thousands of e-mail servers.
2	Google B #39;lore to be  #39;ideas #39; centre BANGALORE: Google Bangalore, the first R amp;D centre outside the US of the number one internet search engine, is to be an ideas centre, said the fab-two who set up the company six years ago.
0	Castro injures knee, arm in fall  HAVANA -- Cuban President Fidel Castro's advancing age -- and ultimately his mortality -- were brought home yesterday, a day after he fractured a knee and arm when he tripped and fell at a public event.
2	Automakers look to rev up sales with fun new ads Tired of the heavy political ads, the ones that weigh you down with negativity, blame for national problems and division? Now there #39;s less reason to fret the breaks in your TV shows.
0	Iraq's PM Says Saddam Depressed, Begs for Mercy  CAIRO (Reuters) - Deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein is  depressed and has begged the Iraqi government for mercy, Iraq's  Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an interview published  Monday.
2	Survey: Employers looking to hire in 2005 Beloit area employers expect to hire at a healthy pace during the first quarter of 2005, according to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
1	Australia off to patient start in Bangalore Australia has made a slow but solid start to the first cricket Test against India in Bangalore. After seven overs, the tourists had reached 0 for 14, with Matthew Hayden on 5 and Justin Langer on 4. For up to date scores, visit our live scorecard.
2	Lilly to Eliminate Up to 575 US Jobs Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will eliminate up to 575 US positions, representing 2 percent of its US work force, in order to streamline operations and reduce costs.
3	SpaceShipOne Guru: NASA Needs a Visionary HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - Burt Rutan, an aviator whose SpaceShipOne won the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize for making three suborbital space flights, said NASA (news - web sites) needs another Wernher von Braun - and 
2	Court approves Interstate Bakeries financing Bankrupt Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, received court approval on Thursday to incur new debt 
1	Henman Impressed in Houston Tim Henman believes the Houston venue for the Tennis Masters Cup will see the British number one at the top of his form. Henman takes on American Andy Roddick on Tuesday in his first match after Marat Safin 
0	Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as\Afghanistan's first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a\ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for\easing him into power.
2	Unocal to Settle Lawsuits Over Myanmar Abuse Unocal Corp. has agreed to settle two closely watched lawsuits accusing the US oil giant of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses that occurred during the construction 
3	Verizon #39;s Wireless Wonder The phone giant #39;s mobile unit is not just a great telecom operation. It may be one of the best companies in the world. Verizon Communications (VZ ) Chief Executive Ivan Seidenberg is a fan of management guru 
3	Siemens To Develop Pre-802.20 Wireless Broadband Products Siemens Communications said Friday that it will develop wireless broadband products using FLASH-OFDM technology from Flarion Technologies.
2	Todays Opec wields oil power with care VIENNA: Oils record price surge has thrust the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) into the political spotlight more than any time since the 1970s.
2	Fans Turn on Sprint Nextel Sprint (FON:NYSE - news - research) chief Gary Forsee is billing the Nextel (NXTL:Nasdaq - news - research) deal as strength building on strength.
1	Athens Asides HAMMER champion Adrian Annus of Hungary will be stripped of his gold after refusing to go for an out-of-competition doping test. The International Olympic Council wanted a further test after it believed he 
0	Legal Cloud Lingers for Rosa Parks Rosa Parks, who helped set off the American civil rights movement, is at the center of a legal controversy that her relatives say could forever taint her legacy.
0	Rwanda Denies Army in Congo, Threatens Only Rebels  KIGALI/KINSHASA (Reuters) - Rwanda denied on Thursday it  had pushed troops into Democratic Republic of Congo even as  United Nations peacekeepers said they had found compelling  evidence of an infiltration into the vast country.
0	Kerry Stakes Out Opposition Stance on War (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are offering U.S. voters and the world two starkly different views on Iraq. The incumbent tells skeptical foreign leaders the war is part of a global fight on terror and "there is no safety in looking away." The challenger wants allies to help find a way out.
3	Record Industry Sues 754 for Internet Song Swaps A recording industry trade group said Thursday that it has filed another wave of lawsuits against 754 people it suspects of distributing songs over the Internet without permission.
3	Gates vs. Jobs: The Rematch With Microsoft's entrance into the portable music business, Apple's Steve Jobs must do what he has failed to do in the past: prevail over his old nemesis, Bill Gates.
2	Oil Prices Break \$50 Milestone Crude oil prices surged past the \$50 per barrel milestone in overnight trading in response to the triple threat of turmoil in the oil-rich countries of Nigeria and Iraq and a decline in production in the hurricane-battered Gulf of Mexico.
0	MTV Awards May Be Toned Down NEW YORK - In the 21-year history of MTV's Video Music Awards, viewers have been treated to some eye-popping moments - Prince's bare buttocks, Lil' Kim's sequined pasty, Britney and Madonna's steamy kiss last year.    But after the firestorm over the MTV-produced Super Bowl halftime show, in which Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson's costume to reveal her bare breast, might we see tamer VMAs when they air Sunday?    MTV President Van Toffler isn't promising any flesh-baring moments...
0	Barghouthi to Run for Palestinian President-Official  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Jailed Palestinian leader Marwan  Barghouthi decided on Wednesday to run for Palestinian  president, reversing his earlier decision to stay out of the  race, a Palestinian official said.  
1	Players Association presents new proposal to NHL TORONTO (Ticker) - The world will have to wait at least five more days to find out if there will be an NHL season. The league and the Players Association held a four-hour meeting Thursday, the first session 
3	Airbus tests in-flight mobile phones European plane maker Airbus SAS has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) technology, the company said Wednesday.
0	Sri Lanka beat Pakistan in Faisalabad Test (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka defeated Pakistan by 201 runs in the first cricket Test here to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series.
2	Circuit City Sales Trail Estimates Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales but its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced spending through August.
1	Waterford Crystal #39;s B sample missing The international equestrian body, the FEI, has been informed that the  quot;B quot; sample of Waterford Crystal was stolen in Cambridgeshire last month.
2	Despite Mega-Deals, Small Mergers Rule (Reuters) Reuters - Despite the euphoria of one of the\busiest weeks in U.S. mergers and acquisitions in almost five\years, Wall Street investment bankers cannot live by mega-deals\alone.
2	Update 1: FDA Puts CuraGen Protein on Fast-Track Shares of CuraGen Corp. shot up 13 percent Thursday morning after the biotechnology company said regulators gave a  quot;fast-track quot; designation to its experimental treatment for mouth sores that often accompany chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
1	Bolton Rallies to Deny Arsenal Record Start to English Season Bolton ended Arsenal #39;s hopes of equaling its best-ever start to the English soccer season by rallying to hold the Premiership champion to a 2-2 draw.
1	Palmer (not that one) and Woods take early lead at Boston Even before he took the first-round lead at the Deutsche Bank Championship, Tiger Woods was having a good day. Mark O #39;Meara, Woods #39; neighbor and tour mentor, was the leader in the clubhouse when Woods teed off in the afternoon at the TPC of Boston.
3	DNA Project May Reunite Adoptees with their Parents By MITCH STACY     SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) -- Linda Hammer has helped thousands of adoptees find birth families through her people-finding Web site, weekly radio show and newspaper column...
3	Two China Banks Uncover Fake Web Sites (Reuters) Reuters - Two of China's leading banks have\identified fake Web sites in recent days and reported them to\the country's public security organs, bank officials said on\Thursday.
0	Iraq Cleric Agrees End Uprising, Fighting Continues  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a  Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and  leave one of the country's holiest Islamic shrines after  warnings of an onslaught by government forces.
0	AFP Interview: Afghan minister says attacks on NGOs inevitable (AFP) AFP - Attacks on aid organisations in Afghanistan are inevitable, according to a government minister, who said the widespread perception that aid workers were wasting money that should be spent on Afghans was fuelling the violence.
1	Strange case of the game of two halves SCOTLAND have waited 22 years for a win over the Wallabies and they will have to wait at least another two weeks after yesterdays match, a contest of sharply contrasting fortunes.
1	Principals put on spot over British GP Bernie Ecclestone has called a meeting of formula one team principals for 9am tomorrow in the paddock at Sao Paolo #39;s Interlagos circuit to hear what they say about the prospect of the British grand prix being struck from the 2005 world championship 
3	Microsoft unveils  #39;PlaysForSure #39; logo which signifies &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
1	Venus Battles Through to Second Round  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venus Williams advanced to the second  round of the U.S. Open on Tuesday but had to work hard for her  6-3, 7-6 victory against Hungary's Petra Mandula.
2	Verizon unlikely to bid for Sprint update Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, toppling a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s \$37.8 billion bid for Nextel Communications.
0	Iraq Bomb Kills 7, Year After Saddam Capture  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis at an entrance to Baghdad's Green Zone government  and U.S. diplomatic compound on Monday, a year to the day since  U.S. forces captured Saddam Hussein.
1	Power play showdown The people have been calling for it, two (or three) communities have been looking forward to it for weeks, and yesterday, it finally happened: a battle of two of the top teams in the state, a game that pitted two undefeated squads, a game so important it had to be held at the neutral site of Chelmsford High.
0	Palestinians seek to visit Arafat Top Palestinian officials are to meet the French president in the hope of visiting the ailing Yasser Arafat.
0	PM leads tributes at Bigley memorial Tony Blair led the tributes to the murdered hostage Ken Bigley yesterday at a memorial service in Liverpool which was also attended by Cherie Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw.
1	Tennis: Roddick joins Federer in Bangkok semi-finals BANGKOK : Andy Roddick laid on a 21-ace performance to crush Thomas Johansson 6-3, 6-4, moving past jet-lag and into the semi-finals of the 550,000-dollar Thailand Open.
1	College Basketball: Kentucky, Virginia Win  LEXINGTON, Ky. (Sports Network) - Kelenna Azubuike poured  in a game-high 21 points, Shagari Alleyne added 11 points and  Kentucky rolled past Morehead State, 71-40, in non-conference  play at Rupp Arena.
3	Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability next month SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on the work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said yesterday.
0	Poe death prompts Arroyo attack THE death of Philippine movie star and defeated presidential candidate Fernando Poe has drawn some political backlash, with some people seeking to use his sudden demise as a platform to attack President Gloria Arroyo.
2	Alitalia union may agree job cuts A union leader at Alitalia says for the first time that he may consider job losses to help secure the future of the troubled Italian carrier.
1	Tigers look to the future Manager Alan Trammell keeps talking about this year. About scoring some runs, winning some games. But really, this is all about next year for the Detroit Tigers, especially now 
1	Barrichello #39;s Chinese banquet RUBENS Barrichello celebrated his second victory in a row yesterday, winning the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai as Ferrari team-mate Michael Schumacher languished in 12th after starting from the pit.
2	Visa, MasterCard Lose Supreme Court Appeal The Supreme Court yesterday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.
2	Odd Man Out in U.S. Inquiry Into Fannie Mae The 211-page report that was released on Wednesday by the Fannie Mae regulatory agency has put Roger L. Barnes in the spotlight.
2	European Shares Drift Down in Thin Trade European stocks were slightly lower by mid-day in holiday-hit trading on Monday, with crude oil rises weighing on shares, though Sanofi-Aventis gained on the result of trials of an anti-obesity drug.
3	What #39;s with the hype about  #39;Halo 2 #39;? Trying to get three teenage boys to talk to you while they are playing  quot;Halo 2 quot; is like trying to find a needle in a haystack -- a wee bit difficult.
0	UN Appeals for Release of Workers in Afghanistan (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations again appealed for the\safe return of three of its workers held hostage in Afghanistan\on Thursday, three weeks after they were snatched from their\car on a busy street in central Kabul.
3	Briefly: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry roundup Plus: Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million...Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million.
0	Top Hamas Militant Killed in Israeli Missile Strike  GAZA (Reuters) - A senior leader of Hamas's military wing  was killed in an Israeli missile strike on his car in the Gaza  Strip, Palestinian witnesses said.
3	Virgin Digital Online Music Store Is Open For Business! Virgin is all over the map. Yesterday morning, Sir Richard Branson introduced to the world that he was ready to make astronauts of us all by 2007.
0	Torture victims slam Chile payout Groups representing torture victims of Chile's former military government reject a proposed compensation deal.
1	Sampanis stripped of bronze Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs.
0	Congress Ends Deadlock on Intel Overhaul (AP) AP - Breaking a monthslong deadlock, key congressional negotiators reported agreement Saturday on legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission.
1	Samsung boasts long history Annika Sorenstam has played in the Samsung World Championship every year since 1995, winning the title three times. So Sorenstam has as good of a perspective as anyone about what the tournament means to players.
3	Google Enhances Discussion Groups Google Inc. is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
0	20 years later, the pain from Bhopal lingers on (AFP) AFP -  quot;I wanted to jump out of the plane because the headache was so unbearable, quot; said Champa Devi Shukla, still in pain after inhaling toxic fumes in the world's largest industrial disaster in India 20 years ago.
2	Merrill Cuts Citigroup, Shares Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell as  much as 2.75 percent on Monday after a prominent Wall Street  analyst downgraded the world's largest financial services  company, citing a string of recent ethics problems.
3	Lycos Pulls Anti-Spam  #39;Vigilante #39; Campaign Just days after Lycos Europe #39;s launch of an anti-spam DDoS tool raised eyebrows in the security space, the company appears to have scrapped the campaign.
2	State Street says it will cut 425 jobs State Street Corp. said it will eliminate 425 jobs as a cost-cutting move after the financial firm yesterday reported a weak third quarter in which earnings fell 13 percent because of a sharp drop-off in lending and trading activities in securities markets.
0	Hawks push deep cuts in forces in Iraq WASHINGTON -- A growing number of national security specialists who supported the toppling of Saddam Hussein are moving to a position unthinkable even a few months ago: that the large US military presence is impeding stability as much as contributing to it and that the United States should begin major reductions in troops beginning early next year.
0	North Korea Lashes Out at George Bush North Korea lashed out today at US President George Bush for turning a peaceful world into a pandemonium unprecedented in history, and reaffirmed the communist nation wont attend working meetings ahead of planned nuclear disarmament talks.
0	Britain Blocks Drug Firm From Supplying Flu Vaccine The company that makes half the flu vaccine used in the U.S. was suspended for manufacturing problems.
0	Maoist rebel blockade begins to pinch Nepal capital (Reuters) Reuters - Maoist rebels kept vehicles off roads leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on Thursday and residents said fuel was being rationed and food prices had begun to rise.
2	Canadian Tire Q3 revenue tops \$2 billion TORONTO - Revenue at Canadian Tire topped the \$2 billion mark in the third quarter and profits rose 17 per cent, the retail giant reported Thursday.
1	=== Knicks-ed: Robinson fails physical === New York, NY (Sports Network) - The one-year deal between Eddie Robinson and the New York Knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.
3	Microsoft, Dassault Systemes in Strategic Alliance  PARIS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, and France's Dassault Systemes  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DAST.PA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DAST.PA&lt;/A&gt; have forged a global, 5-year strategic alliance to  deliver Dassault's 3D software to firms using the Microsoft  software platform.
1	McDowell starting to make his mark on European golf HE was not at the Ryder Cup and he has yet to figure prominently at a major, but Graeme McDowell is starting to become a real force in European golf.
3	SP2 Users Insulated From JPEG Flaw Microsofts monthly security bulletin has uncovered a critical buffer overrun vulnerability that exists in the processing of JPEG image formats.
2	UPDATE 2-United to cut US flights, focus on international United Airlines said on Wednesday it would reduce US flights and increase capacity on more lucrative international routes as part of its aggressive cost-cutting campaign to emerge from bankruptcy.
1	Kazmir looking forward to pitching in New York It was always just a matter of time before Scott Kazmir pitched in New York. Of course, it was assumed that he would be pitching for the New York Mets in Shea Stadium, not in the Bronx against the New York Yankees.
2	IBM reportedly puts PC business on the market IBM, whose first PC in 1981 moved personal computing out of the hobby shop and into the corporate and consumer mainstream, has put the business up for sale, people close to the negotiations said Thursday.
0	Israeli Cabinet Passes Gaza Bill Before Key Vote Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s cabinet passed a bill on the nuts and bolts of pulling out of occupied Gaza Sunday, a day before he seeks approval from Israel #39;s parliament for his withdrawal plan.
1	Bobcats Edge Hornets, 94-93 (Overtime) (AP) AP - Emeka Okafor hit a pair of free throws with 5 seconds left in overtime to give Charlotte's new NBA team a win over its old one as the Bobcats pulled out a 94-93 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Tuesday night.
2	Xstrata makes \$5.8B bid for WMC TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Swiss mining conglomerate Xstrata said Monday it offered to buy the entire issued share capital of major Australian mining company WMC Resources for A\$7.4 billion (\$5.79 billion) in cash.
2	Head of household title must be earned The Franchise Tax Board has started its annual sweep of California taxpayers who file returns as a head of household, but may not be one.
0	S.Africa Says Eq. Guinea Wants to Quiz Thatcher  CAPE TOWN, South Africa (Reuters) - Equatorial Guinea has  asked South Africa for permission to interview Mark Thatcher,  arrested this week on suspicion of involvement in a coup plot  against the leader of the oil-rich country, officials said  Friday.
3	Hurricanes may have upset NASA #39;s schedule Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a week #39;s worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
2	Weaker exports upset Japan recovery Japan #39;s government has downgraded its view on the economy in a November report, saying the pace of recovery is slowing. This is the first such downward revision since June 2003.
1	WHAT THE PAPERS SAY THE SUN: Wayne Rooney has got Europe running scared for his Champions League debut on Tuesday night. That is the view of Dutch ace Pierre van Hooijdonk, who will face the pair with Fenerbahce.
1	UPDATE 1-Villeneuve relishes Renault challenge Canadian Jacques Villeneuve is relishing the chance to help Renault overtake his former BAR team for second place in this year #39;s Formula One constructors #39; championship.
1	Friedgen Set on QB Ralph Friedgen continues to stand behind quarterback Joel Statham despite his three first-half interceptions in Maryland's 19-16 overtime loss at West Virginia on Saturday.
0	Quest for holy grail of game controllers The quest for a wireless, robust video game controller is a hit and miss task.
1	ROUND-UP Mixed fortunes for Irish as Spurs win Robbie Keane was declared fit for Spurs clash with Manchester City on Saturday afternoon and Stephen Kelly made a half-time sub appearance for Martin Jols side, but neither enjoyed particularly memorable afternoons despite their sides third 
1	NL Wrap: Finley Slams Dodgers to West Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Steve Finley hit a grand slam home run  to cap a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning as  the Los Angeles Dodgers clinched the NL West title with a 7-3  win over the San Francisco Giants Saturday.
3	IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L goes on sale The machine began life as a research project in 2000, is presently the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
1	Colts could be missing both starting guards Tupe Peko didn #39;t practice Wednesday because he hurt his right foot in last week #39;s 49-14 victory over Houston. Rick DeMulling has been limited in practice because of a bruised chest.
2	Circulation Scandal Costs Tribune Co More  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newspaper publisher Tribune Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt;, embroiled in a scandal over inflated circulation  figures, on Friday further cut circulation numbers at two New  York newspapers and said it will take a charge of as much as  \$60 million.
0	Letter, suspicious powder spark anthrax scare at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Authorities are testing a suspicious powder mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Malaysia to determine whether it's anthrax, officials said Monday. It's the second such scare at a U.S. mission in Asia within a week.
3	Media giant BSkyB sues EDS over troubled CRM system London-based media giant British Sky Broadcasting Group has filed a legal claim against Electronic Data Services over a problematic CRM system designed to support the media company's customer support call centers.
2	Novartis withdraws application for EU approval of new arthritis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Swiss pharmaceutical group Novartis withdrew on Tuesday an application for EU approval of a new arthritis drug called Prexige to await a review of such treatments next year.
3	Turn Your PC Into a Mac Microsoft #39;s Virtual PC software has been lauded by critics as a convenient way for Mac users to run Windows applications on their Macs, but what if you need to do the opposite?
0	House Passes Bipartisan Special Education Bill (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Friday easily passed a final bill aimed at improving education\for millions of children with learning disabilities, with the\Senate expected to follow as Congress rushed to complete its\work for the year.
1	O #39;Malley bounces back after injury Peter O #39;Malley is determined to take advantage of the distraction of the Ryder Cup after posting a five under par 67 on the first day of the BMW International Open in Munich.
1	Controversy Again Taints Olympic Games ATHENS, Greece - Bad judging has become a tradition at the Olympics, almost its own event really. From the robbery of Munich, where officials stole a basketball gold from the United States and gave it to Russia 
1	Notre Dame players to vote on whether to take bowl trip Notre Dame players will vote on Wednesday whether to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix, SportsLine.com has learned. In light of the firing of coach Ty Willingham, the players have yet to determine if they are emotionally ready to play in the Dec.
2	Inquiry criticises James Hardie CEO Victims and unions have emerged as key stakeholders in the fight to ensure James Hardie Industries meets its asbestos compensation responsibilities after the NSW government tied them to the company #39;s economic future.
3	Mini lab offers on the spot tests The research arm of the MoD has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
2	Union leaders urge one more try Leaders of the pilots #39; union at US Airways said on Friday that they had directed their negotiating team to resume talking with the company over \$295 million in labor concessions.
1	France call up Luyindula Marseille #39;s DR Congo-born striker Peguy Luyindula has been called up for France #39;s World Cup qualifier against Ireland. France coach Raymond Domenech picked Luyindula to replace Juventus striker David Trezeguet.
1	UPDATE 1-Spain, US handed easy Davis Cup outings Davis Cup finalists and top seed Spain were handed a first-round outing in Slovakia for the 2005 competition when the draw was announced on Thursday.
2	Oil Holds at \$44 After Sharp Crude Draw  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices stood firm on Thursday,  holding onto near-\$2 per barrel gains made the previous session  when U.S. inventory data showed commercial crude stocks falling  to their lowest in five months.
3	Contaminated GM crops found at nine Thai farms BANGKOK : Thailand said on Tuesday that at least nine farms had been contaminated by genetically-modified crops after a seed selling scandal shut down a major part of the country #39;s GM testing programme.
1	Doan Goal Lifts Canada to World Cup Glory  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shane Doan scored 34 seconds into the  third period to lift Canada to a 3-2 win over Finland in the  World Cup of Hockey championship game on Tuesday.
2	Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise Amgen Inc. (AMGN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday said quarterly net profit fell on acquisition charges but adjusted earnings rose 
0	Israeli strikes kill 7 Palestinians JERUSALEM -- Israelis killed seven Palestinians in attacks yesterday, including a Gaza airstrike that killed one militant and wounded a militia commander, who vowed revenge from his hospital bed.
1	Marlins 5, Expos 2 Jeff Conine homered and Mike Lowell drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins over Montreal 5-2 on Tuesday night in what might prove to be the Expos #39; second-to-last game at Olympic Stadium.
0	Women Says Kids Left in Nigeria Are Angry (AP) AP - The adoptive mother of seven children found malnourished at a Nigerian orphanage said Thursday the youngsters could be lying about claims of physical and emotional abuse because they were upset about their ordeal.
2	Wells Fargo Takes Control of Strong (AP) AP - Banking giant Wells Fargo  amp; Co. has taken control of embattled mutual fund provider Strong Financial Corp., completing an acquisition negotiated more than seven months ago under the cloud of a financial scandal.
1	Newman wins DOVER, Del. Ryan Newman is the winner of the MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway in Delaware. Four-time series champion Jeff Gordon took the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead by finishing third.
3	Edge Dynamics launches new breed of enterprise app Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
3	Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Back Up on EBay MIAMI Nov 16, 2004 - The Internet auction house eBay Inc. reversed itself Tuesday and is allowing bids for half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that its owner says bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
1	Soccer / France, Greece and England are looking for first &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For France, England and Greece, tonight #39;s World Cup qualifiers will provide an opportunity to redeem themselves less than a week after disappointing games in their opening matches of the 2006 World Cup campaign.
3	RedEnvelope fends off dissident challenge (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - RedEnvelope, the San Francisco online gift retailer, on Friday fended off a challenge by dissident shareholders unhappy with the its performance -- but has still left some questions unanswered.
1	Feyenoord, Stuttgart, Rangers have easy wins, Lille upset, Lazio &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; French side Lille was upset 1-0 by a German second-division club. Feyenoord beat Scottish Hearts 3-0, Stuttgart downed Belgium #39;s Beveren 5-1 and the Rangers defeated Poland #39;s Amica Wronki 5-1.
0	Officials Search al-Qaida Video for Clues (AP) AP - U.S. intelligence officials are studying the latest video from Osama bin Laden's top deputy to learn if the message is simply to rally al-Qaida's faithful  #151; or if it's an indication of events to come.
0	Annan UN Council Should Vote 'Yes' on Sudan Draft (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan on Thursday threw his weight behind a U.S.-drafted\resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security\Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.
3	New Nintendo hand-held game device to debut in US In a shift in strategy, Nintendo was expected to announce yesterday that it plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the US in time for the Christmas season.
2	AIG #39;s Net Income Up, Is Target of Probe NEW YORK - Third-quarter net income at American International Group Inc., one of the insurance giants named an investigation into questionable sales practices, rose 7.5 percent in spite of higher catastrophe losses, but missed Wall Street #39;s forecast by a 
3	Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites\\Commercial websites are getting larger. Driven by the rapid evolution of content management systems, shopping carts and e-biz facilitation, and by the increasing sophistication of Internet retailers, "small" business sites averaging 500 pages have become common.\\Some large sites are very well focused and present ...
0	REGION: UNSC shouldnt take up Iran nuclear issue MOSCOW: Russia is against bringing up Irans nuclear programme at the UN Security Council and thinks the issue should be handled by the bodys nuclear watchdog, a top official said on Wednesday.
1	Owen raises England hopes MICHAEL Owen believes he has  quot;a very good chance quot; of playing for England in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Wales.
2	Deluge of Big Earnings to Dominate  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock investors face a  mind-numbing pile of information this week as corporate  earnings and economic data pour in, Alan Greenspan speaks and  the presidential election heads toward the homestretch.
1	FOOTBALL: DONS PUT BHOYS IN A STEW ABERDEEN boosted their reputation and brought the championship race alive with a dramatic win at Celtic Park last night. Substitute John Stewart pounced in injury time after poor defending to give Aberdeen 
0	Indian Army to cut Kashmir troop numbers The chief of the Indian Army says it will start to reduce the number of troops in Kashmir in line with an announcement last week by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
0	Romanians Vote Slowly, Eyeing EU, Poverty and Graft Romanians, angered by poverty and corruption, went to the polls on Sunday in a closely contested election to decide who will lead the Balkan country through two years of hard European Union-dictated reforms.
1	College football on TV tonight FLORIDA ST. (7-2) vs. N.C. STATE (4-5) When, where: Tonight, 7:30, at Raleigh, N.C. TV, radio: ESPN, WESX (1230). Last season: Florida State won, 50-44. Comments: Last week, the No. 11 Seminoles beat Duke, 29-7, but North Carolina State is reeling after three consecutive losses. Quarterback Wyatt Sexton will get the start for the Seminoles; he replaced Chris Rix last ...
0	Bush Says He's Best Protection From Draft DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned is turning the tables on Sen...
1	DATE WITH DESTINY FOR COLLINS The fate of American sprinter Michelle Collins, who has been charged with doping violations, will be decided next week. Collins, last year #39;s world indoor 400metres champion, has been implicated in the BALCO 
0	Rockets kill four Gurkha guards in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone FOUR former Gurkhas working for a British security firm have been killed in a rocket attack in Baghdad, one of the deadliest strikes so far on the capitals high-security Green Zone.
3	NASA releases plan for shuttle #39;s return to flight Six months before NASA plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they #39;ve essentially solved the problem that doomed Columbia in 2003 - debris coming off 
0	Effort to Renew Weapons Ban Falters on Hill Despite popular support, the federal law banning the sale of 19 kinds of semiautomatic assault weapons is almost certain to expire on Monday.
3	Analysts: AMD Beating Intel in Chip Design Analysts #39; assessments came after Intel announced last week that it was scrapping plans to develop a 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 chip.
3	Phishers tapping botnets to automate attacks Computer criminals are making phishing more potent by automating attacks. Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) analysts reckon fraudsters are using automated tools and botnets to ramp up attacks.
0	At Least One Person Shot at Ill. Capitol SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - At least one person was shot at the state Capitol on Monday afternoon, and the building was locked down, with employees ordered to stay in their offices...
1	Scandals Have Thrown Sports for a Loss the third soldier of this apocalypse, the third leg on this perfect and perfectly unholy triangle of sports scandals. If sports truly offers 
2	Staples Goes to China? The company impresses the Street with strong earnings, an optimistic outlook, and a toehold abroad.
1	Winky sees off Mosley again Ronald  #39;Winky #39; Wright edged  #39;Sugar #39; Shane Mosley for the second time in eight months in Las Vegas - but only just as he won a majority decision by the closest of margins to retain his WBA and WBC light-middleweight titles.
2	The Tax Man May Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure this  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.
3	Financial firms compare notes on disaster recovery Executives at eight leading financial services firms met earlier this year to share their disaster recovery strategies -- and found that they all face many of the same issues.
3	SAP To Build New Human Resources System for US Postal Service The US Postal Service has awarded SAP a \$35 million contract to supply a new human-resources system. SAP has benefited from a series of big customer wins this year, showing strong revenue growth 
2	Retail sales over Thanksgiving weekend good for some The far north Scottsdale Target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after Thanksgiving. At Superstition Springs Center in Mesa, Bath and Body Works sold out 
2	Wal-Mart Sales Estimate Boosts Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's No. 1 retailer, on Monday said December sales would be  at the top end of its prior estimate on better-than-expected  post-Christmas spending, driving its shares up 1 percent.
2	Stocks Drop as J J, Energy Shares Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks tumbled on Tuesday as oil  prices hit a 3-month low, hurting energy companies, and   Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; slipped on a report it may be  planning a major acquisition of a medical device maker.
2	Alitalia to Trim Flight-Attendant Jobs for Total of 3,689 Cuts Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, plans to cut a total of 3,689 jobs after winning concessions from flight attendants #39; unions on cost-cutting targets aimed at saving the carrier from running out of money, union officials said.
2	Enron #39;s chief financial officer resigns NEW YORK - Enron Corp. Friday said Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned to pursue other job opportunities and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
3	Siemens agrees to sell Huawei enterprise gear Siemens AG continues to deepen its ties with Chinese rival Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. The Munich-based engineering and manufacturing conglomerate agreed Friday to resell routers and switches from Huawei's Quidway product line just eight months after the two companies formed a joint venture for manufacturing new mobile broadband systems in China.
1	Glazer launches new raid on Red shares Malcolm Glazer has launched his third Stock Market raid in as many days to take his stake in Manchester United to 28.11. The American business tycoon has spent another 3.
3	Microsoft, Yahoo extend contract for Web ads Microsoft has extended its partnership with Yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its U.S. and international MSN sites, despite the software maker's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market.
0	Australian PM outlines softer image for fourth term (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard outlined his vision for a fourth term as a new poll showed voters warming to the  quot;soft focus quot; leadership of the opposition Labor Party's Mark Latham.
2	UPDATE 3-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
1	No. 14 Auburn Upends No. 5 LSU 10-9 (AP) AP - Jason Campbell hit Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU Saturday.
3	Blu-ray burns for interactive content Flashy features could tempt consumers--and that tempts Hollywood, which could help Blu-ray beat out a rival technology.
3	Biometric IBM ThinkPad T42 Review Last week I attended an IBM briefing, held at The Clink Museum near London Bridge. The Clink was an old Prison and the museum is full of gruesome memorabilia relating to the bad old days of sadistic incarceration.
3	MSN is latest to move into world of blogging services LONDON - MSN is upping the stakes in the battle for online and desktop domination with the launch of a new set of communication services to include blogging and picture sharing.
0	Stocks Shift Lower on Merck's Vioxx Woes NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks mostly lower Thursday after Merck   Co. said it would be forced to remove its best-selling Vioxx arthritis drug from the market due to serious health risks...
3	Dawn of the Terabyte DVD Using a novel new approach, scientists at the Imperial College in London are on the path to optical storage that dwarfs the capacities of current DVD #39;s and even upcoming, blue laser-based discs.
0	Lourdes needs manna from heaven The Catholic shrine of Lourdes yesterday opened a special bank account and appealed for donations from the faithful after it emerged that last weekend #39;s visit by the Pope had left it with a 1.2m (812,000) deficit. 
2	Kerry Gets Post-Debate Bounce in Election Futures Online futures traders raised their bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.
2	Europe #39;s New Members Not Ready for the Euro Six months after the European Union admitted 10 new members, capping their journey from Communism to the free market, they got a blunt reminder that the club #39;s inner sanctum 
3	Allchin: Don't call it 'Shorthorn' Despite the removal of an advanced file system, Longhorn will not be short on features, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.
2	Sears Canada sacks chairman-CEO Mark Cohen over  #39;strategic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Sears Canada Inc. has dismissed Mark Cohen as chairman and chief executive officer, citing  quot;strategic differences quot; between him and the board of directors.
1	CL Preview: Arsenal-Rosenborg With a league game against Chelsea on the horizon, Arsenal begin a tough couple of weeks with a vitally important clash against Rosenborg on Tuesday night.
3	Cisco, Fujitsu Ally on Router Sales in Asia The Asian market accounted for 9.4 percent of Cisco #39;s sales in the quarter ended October 30, down from 10 percent last year. The spread of high-speed broadband Internet 
2	German government cuts Deutsche Telekom stake German state banking group KfW is selling up to 4 billion euros (2.8 billion pounds) worth of shares in Deutsche Telekom, continuing the privatisation of the German phone operator.
3	Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' (AP) AP - Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
3	SiliconValley.com: Microsoft to launch online music store this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft will launch its online store in the US this week, according to SiliconValley.com. The report says that the MSN store will be  #39;quietly #39; launched along with the new version of Windows Media Player 10.
3	Albatron debuts Nvidia AGP6600 and AGP6600GT cards for the AGP 8x &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Albatron Technology today announced the Nvidia-based AGP6600 and AGP6600GT VGA cards, both of which are designed for the AGP 8x interface.
3	Memo to Carly - HP customers need help! &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; I ordered ProLiant servers, but all I got was this lousy fan
3	Dell Believes Education Is Best Way To Fight Spyware The computer maker and a nonprofit organization have launched a project to teach people about spyware and how to avoid it. By Thomas Claburn.
1	Retired Williams owes Dolphins: report SPORTS NETWORK - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams on Friday was ordered by an arbitrator to pay a huge sum of money to the NFL team, which filed a grievance against the star prior to training camp.
3	Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks (AP) AP - Scientists and European regulators are now questioning the safety of other pain relievers like Vioxx, saying these medications also might raise the risk of heart attack and stroke.
0	Why Brazil is reluctant to air its 'dirty' past After two decades of civilian government, Brazil is unwilling to take former officers of the dictatorship to task.
0	Canada docks sub fleet pending navy probe The navy has docked its fleet of submarines pending the investigation of a deadly fire at sea, renewing questions over the viability of Canada #39;s troubled underwater capability.
3	Cyber-Security Group Pushes 12-Point Plan On White House A policy and advocacy group called on the Bush administration Tuesday to put more muscle behind cyber-security, and urged the White House to act on a dozen proposals and recommendations to protect the country #39;s technology infrastructure.
1	Rangers 12, Athletics 9 OAKLAND, Calif. Alfonso Soriano had three hits and two RB-Is as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics, 12-to-9. The win comes a night after Texas reliever Frank Francisco threw a plastic chair into the stands in Oakland and broke a woman #39;s nose.
0	Four Ex-Gurkhas Killed in Baghdad Four former Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm were killed in an attack in Baghdad, the Foreign Office said today. The attack, in which around 15 other 
1	Navy-Rutgers Game Attracts Bowl Interest (AP) AP - Navy is a wanted team  #151; for a bowl game, that is. Officials from five bowls will attend Saturday's game against Rutgers, with the Midshipmen in strong position to land their second straight postseason berth.
1	Steelers Rally to Defeat Cowboys 24-20 (AP) AP - The Dallas Cowboys spent a week comparing Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger to a young Dan Marino. How about some Terry Bradshaw to go with it? Roethlisberger completed 21 of 25 passes and two touchdowns, completing 11 straight throws on the Steelers' last two scoring drives Sunday, leading Pittsburgh to a 24-20 comeback win over the Cowboys.
2	Google Roadshows Left Small Investors Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The initial public offering of  Internet search engine Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; was billed as a  bonanza for millions of U.S. investors -- but the little guy,  with check in hand, was left out of the party.
2	10/5/04 EDITORIAL: Do-not-call list The Supreme Court ended Monday the telemarketing industry #39;s attempt to abolish the do-not-call registry by letting a lower court #39;s ruling stand, according to an Associated Press story.
2	Ford Posts Profit, Autos Disappoint Again  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a  stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses  widened in its core automotive business and the company's  shares sagged after it said U.S. regulators were looking into  its pension accounting practices.
0	Bomb kills 11 soldiers in Kashmir SRINAGAR -- A roadside bomb blew up an army patrol car in a predawn attack today in disputed Kashmir, killing an army major and 10 other men, police said. The blast in Wachi village, located 40 miles south of Srinagar, left a 10-foot wide crater in the road, police officer Imtiyaz Ahmed said. No one immediately claimed responsibility, but police ...
0	Bahrain 'militant's' brief escape A suspect Bahraini militant escapes from court, but gives himself up an hour later, his lawyer says.
3	San Francisco Rules Could Bar Elephants from Zoo (Reuters) Reuters - Elephants must receive hundreds\of times more space to live at San Francisco's zoo or not be\kept at the facility, city legislators said on Tuesday in\legislation that could effectively bar pachyderms for good.
2	US economy can manage a rise in rates, say economists Washington - With the US economy expanding at a respectable pace, companies hiring and consumers inclined to spend, Federal Reserve policy makers can feel comfortable about boosting short-term interest rates for a fourth time this year.
0	Politics of 'fear over vision' explored on British television Today's Terrorism and Security Daily Update: New documentary series says danger from Al Qaeda is 'dramatically overstated.'
2	Analysts: IBM selling PC business makes sense IBM is considering pulling out of the personal computer business it founded - a sign of a big change in the way companies buy computers and a shift of power in the PC industry.
1	Mellberg made to eat his words IT IS A TRUTH UNIVERSALLY acknowledged that Jane Austen was probably not an Aston Villa fan, but she summed up the angst of the clubs supporters when she wrote: One has no great hopes from Birmingham.
2	National Foods 2nd-Half Profit Rises 12 on Gourmet Food Sales National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk supplier, increased second-half profit by 12 percent after selling more specialty cheeses and gourmet foods.
1	Nilmar set to grace European stage against Manchester United Manchester United may have captured the hottest property in world soccer by signing Wayne Rooney, but Lyon believes it has unearthed the new Ronaldo.
3	 quot;Blog quot; the word of the year The word  quot;Blog quot; is the word of the year by Merriam-Webster, the renowned American dictionary publisher. According to Merriam-Webster, the word  quot;blog quot;, short for Weblog, is a 
1	Michigan Secondary Looks to Bully Purdue (AP) AP - Michigan's defensive backs have bullied and beaten Purdue's receivers in three straight wins over the Boilermakers.
3	Group: Illegal Ivory Easy to Get Online (AP) AP - Online sales of illegal ivory are booming in the United States despite a longtime global trade ban, conservationists charge.
0	Indonesian court orders trial of hardline cleric Ba #39;asyir to go &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (AFP): Indonesian judges Thursday rejected a plea to drop terrorism charges against hardline Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir and ordered him to stand trial for his alleged involvement in attacks including the Bali bombings.
3	Alamosa to Buy AirGate for  #36;392 Million (Reuters) Reuters - Alamosa Holdings Inc.  will\acquire AirGate PCS Inc.  for  #36;392 million in stock\creating the largest Sprint Corp.  wireless affiliate,\the companies said on Wednesday.
0	Thai PM slips velvet glove on iron fist Buddhists cry for help as Thaksin visits the volatile, mostly Muslim region of southern Thailand. As Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra visits the troubled southern region of Thailand, more than 100 Thai 
3	Biologists Hunt Destructive 'Frankenfish' (AP) AP - Biologists plan to use large nets and traps this week in Chicago's Burnham Harbor to search for the northern snakehead  #151; a type of fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems.
2	Tyson Cuts Fiscal 2004 Earnings Forecast Tyson Foods Inc. (TSN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday cut its fiscal 2004 earnings forecast because of weaker-than-expected demand for chicken and beef and unexpectedly steep raw material costs.
2	Wheaton attempts another friendly merger RENO--(Mineweb.com) Vancouver-based Goldcorp and Toronto gold-producer Wheaton River Minerals have scheduled a telephone conference Monday morning to announced that Goldcorp will buy Wheaton River for \$2.09 billion in stock.
1	Detroit Pistons Team Report - December 16 (Sports Network) - The Detroit Pistons start a three-game homestand, as they welcome LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight to The Palace of Auburn Hills.
2	Google: The Scorecard In the end, we have another public company, one of 6,000 or so. For all of the yammering about the meaning, strength, and success or failure of the Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) IPO, at the end of the day we have 
0	Southern Africa countries pledge enhanced trade ties with China, India  PORT LOUIS, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- Southern African countries Tuesday pledged better trade and investment relations with China as well as India in the final communique released at the end of their two-day summit. 
0	Afghan president gains backing of militia commanders ahead of polls (AFP) AFP - A lieutenant of powerful northern warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostam pledged to back incumbent Hamid Karzai in the upcoming presidential vote and said 149 other military commanders would join him.
2	Crude oil prices tumble the largest single-day decline in more than three years -- after the US government reported large increases in the 
0	350 security prisoners end two-week hunger strike Some 350 security prisoners at Shikma jail have ended their two-week hunger strike, Prisons Authority spokesman Ofer Lefler said Friday, as the United Nations expressed its concern 
0	Conflicting reports about Arafat #39;s health Some reports from Paris say Arafat has slipped into a coma. There have been other reports through the day that Arafat #39;s still unexplained condition has become worse and he is in the ICU.
1	Stoneham finishes the job A good team knows how to put its opponent away, and that is exactly what the top-ranked Stoneham boys' soccer team did yesterday in a 4-0 win over visiting Wakefield, although it took a while.
0	Flight Data Recorders Found of 2 Crashed Planes in Russia Investigators picked through the scattered wreckage today of two Russian passenger jets that crashed nearly simultaneously Tuesday night after leaving Moscow, and reported 
3	The thief in outer space: Prometheus The latest batch of images from the Cassini spacecraft has established that the speculations made by scientists from the Space Science Institute were true after all.
1	Kobe writing his own LA story Kobe Bryant nodded knowingly while remembering his quote from exactly one year ago:  quot;Every day is a bad day. quot;.  quot;Man, I feel great, just great, quot; he said, recalling those dark 
0	Ivory Coast overturns candidacy rule Lawmakers approved amending Ivory Coast #39;s constitution Friday to widen the pool of potential presidential candidates, implementing a crucial reform from a French 
3	Exploding Cell Phones a Growing Problem (AP) AP - Curtis Sathre said it was like a bomb going off. His 13-year-old son Michael stood stunned, ears ringing, hand gushing blood after his cell phone exploded. Safety officials have received 83 reports of cell phones exploding or catching fire in the past two years, usually because of bad batteries or chargers.
1	Beltran, Astros have the power HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros not only tied the National League Championship Series with a 6-5 triumph yesterday over the St. Louis Cardinals. They sent a message entering tonight's Game 5 that they have more than enough to cope with the NL's most potent offense.
2	Oil Slips from Record High of \$46.30  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased from new record highs  on Monday as victory for Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in a  referendum on his rule eased fears that unrest could upset the  country's oil exports.
0	Bush manipulated NKorea intelligence like he did in Iraq: US expert (AFP) AFP - The United States manipulated intelligence on North Korea's nuclear program in a similar fashion to its use of weapons of mass destruction to justify the war on Iraq, a US foreign policy expert said in an article.
3	NASA to Attempt Mach 10 Flight Next Week Dirak writes  quot;NASA intends to break its own aircraft-speed record for the second time this year by flying X43a scramjet ten times faster than sound.
3	Virgin Announces Plans for Space Service British entrepreneur Richard Branson said Monday that his Virgin company plans to launch commercial space flights over the next few years.
3	Clever Shopping Trolley Helps E-Tail Come of Age  LONDON (Reuters) - Cheryl Samuel-Todd completes her round  with seconds to spare, despite having a journalist and a public  relations officer in tow.
1	Spurrier Withdraws From Florida Search Steve Spurrier is seen in this 2003 NFL season photo. Spurrier removed his name from consideration Thursday Nov. 4, 2004 to replace Ron Zook as coach of the Florida Gators, who was fired last week after the latest in a series of embarrassing losses.
0	As School Toll Tops 350, Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...
1	Hamm can keep Olympic gold, court rules For weeks, Paul Hamm #39;s Olympic gold medal sat in a drawer at his boyhood home, carefully tucked inside a sock so it wouldn #39;t be scratched or damaged.
0	Blast at Marriott hotel in Pakistan's capital, several injured (AFP) AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP.
0	Russia Moves On Global Warming The Russian Cabinet on Thursday approved the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on combating global warming, clearing the way for parliament #39;s vote on the pact, which needs Russia #39;s support to take effect, the Interfax news agency reported.
2	Stakes high for Windows upgrade Microsoft Corp. has put the finishing touches on one of its biggest software overhauls ever after conceding that its Windows XP operating system -- which runs as many as 300 million computers worldwide -- is susceptible to security breaches.
1	IOC Chides Bidding Cities for Bickering IOC president Jacques Rogge plans to tell the five cities bidding for the 2012 Summer Olympics to stop sniping at each other and concentrate on their own campaigns.
0	Israel strikes refugee camp, killing two teens Two Palestinian teenagers are dead and three others wounded after an Israeli strike in northern Gaza. The Israeli military says the incident began when an unmanned drone aircraft spotted a flash from two suspicious 
3	New GameSpy terms threaten Mac to PC online gaming (MacCentral) MacCentral - New software licensing fees dictated by GameSpy Industries Inc. may make it impossible for Mac game publishers to let their forthcoming games play against their PC counterparts. GameSpy's licensing fees have increased by a factor of five to ten in recent months, an amount that Mac game publishers say is unreasonable to expect them to pay.
2	Gold Banc to pay \$16 mln to resolve loan claims Gold Banc Corp. (GLDB.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a Kansas banking company, agreed to pay \$16 million to resolve claims it charged excessive interest rates and fees on federally 
1	Rovers search for new boss Blackburn Rovers are ready to start their search for a new manager following Graeme Souness #39; resignation on Monday. The Scot tendered his resignation to take over the reins at Newcastle.
2	On foot or by phone, fans chase few tickets Fans flocked to Fenway Park and tied the Boston phone system in knots yesterday trying to snare the few World Series tickets remaining after Major League Baseball, its corporate sponsors, and season ticket holders received their allotments.
0	Libya to pay victims of Berlin disco attack Libya has signed an agreement to pay \$35-million (US) in compensation for non-American victims in the 1986 bombing of a discotheque in West Berlin, the latest step in the country #39;s 
3	Q3 integrated graphics chip shipments soar Despite the big overall increase, shipments of standalone chips for desktop graphics cards grew just 2.3 per cent, JPR said. Shipments of integrated desktop graphics chips were up 25.1 per cent, while their 
3	Turn yourself into a diamond: tips from science on a good life &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A thinktank of British scientists has come up with a new way of quickening the national intellect - a brain-taxing spin on the old formula of 100 things to do before you die.
0	Darfur Governor Says Rebels Attempted Coup EL GENEINA, Sudan Sept. 26, 2004 - West Darfur #39;s governor on Sunday linked an alleged coup attempt against the national government to a rebellion in western Sudan, saying the same group was behind both insurrections.
3	IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer Called the IBM eServer Blue Gene, the Power-based supercomputer employs a mix of cooling and clustering technologies and starts at \$1.5 million.
3	No Regrets, Says Departing NASA Boss (AP) AP - NASA's departing boss, Sean O'Keefe, said Friday he does not regret canceling the last shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope  #151; or anything else during his three years on the job.
0	PE firms have palms out in Europe (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - A cadre of buyout shops are expected to try to raise a total of  #36;45 billion for new European funds in the next year and a half.
2	Foodland wilts on poor profit outlook Foodland Associated left frustrated investors wanting more yesterday after handing down a disappointing profit and refusing to shed any light on its growth plans.
1	Washington Mayor Says Baseball Deal Nearly Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deal to bring Major League  Baseball back to Washington, D.C, was described by Mayor  Anthony Williams as close to dead Wednesday after the City  Council changed the plan to require private financing.
1	La Salle Names Women's Basketball Coach (AP) AP - Tom Lochner was chosen as women's basketball coach at La Salle on Monday to replace John Miller, who resigned amid allegations he failed to report a rape involving one of his players.
3	Five Die in Violent Storms in France (Reuters) Reuters - Violent storms lashed through northern\and eastern France on Friday, killing five people and forcing\officials to close a Christmas market and Paris tourist\attractions, such as an ice-skating rink on the Eiffel Tower.
2	Airbus hits back at Boeing over aid AIRBUS said last night that the move by the United States to file a complaint with the World Trade Organisation reveals Boeing #39;s unwillingness to enter talks to end massive federal and state support for its new 7E7 Dreamliner.
3	Adobe patches Acrobat, Reader flaws &lt;a href="http://informationweek.com/story/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=55800680"&gt;Adobe Repairs Reader, Acrobat Flaws&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Information Week&lt;/nobr&gt;
0	Fighting Erupts Around Rebel-Held Iraqi Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. marines and Shi'ite militiamen  fought fierce battles around a shrine in the Iraqi city of  Najaf on Monday in some of the heaviest fighting since the  20-day-old rebellion erupted.
3	 #147;Generic Superheroes #148; Scripted, produced, cast, costumed, shot, edited and vigorously promoted by Darren Brandl,  #147;Generic Superheroes, #148; a 35-minute comedic-action-adventure parody, makes full use of both Final Cut Pro and Soundtrack.  #147;Every costume, #148; says the recent high school graduate proudly,  #147;was made of 100 percent spandex  #133; as any superhero costume should be. #148; Aug 16
1	The A.C.C. Runs Deep and Strong This Season With the addition of the powerhouses Miami and Virginia Tech this year, there is little doubt that football has become the new money sport that drives the Atlantic Coast Conference. But the sport of champions in the A.C.C., for now, remains men's basketball.
3	Microsoft liberates more code OPEN SOURCE champion Microsoft is expanding its programme to give government organisations some of its source code. In a communique from the lair of the Vole, in Redmond, spinsters have said that Microsoft 
1	Saban, Dolphins wait out NFL process BATON ROUGE - The Miami Dolphins may be saying their pursuit of LSU coach Nick Saban is on hold for the time being, but LSU #39;s search party is not sitting on its hands waiting for the signal to look for a new coach.
2	Sabotage Stops Iraq's North Oil Exports (Reuters) Reuters - Saboteurs blew up Iraq's northern\export pipeline for the second week in a row on Saturday,\halting oil flows to Turkey's Ceyhan port, oil officials said.
0	Sudan Rejects US Charges of Genocide in Darfur Sudan #39;s Foreign Minister has rejected US assertion that the violence in Western Darfur region fits the definition of genocide.
0	UK anti-terror police hold four  Anti-terrorist branch police investigating claims a group was trying to buy radioactive material arrest four men.
0	Informant's Fire Brings Shadowy Tale The attempted suicide in front of the White House by a Yemeni national put the secretive world of FBI informants under a rare spotlight.
3	IBM in server joint venture with China Great Wall Computer (AFP) AFP - China Great Wall Computer Shenzhen Co Ltd has signed an agreement to establish a new joint venture with IBM to produce computer servers for the Asian region, the company said.
1	Couples wins Skins Game with \$640,000 Fred Couples continued his amazing run in the Skins Game, prevailing in four playoff holes against Woods to get the final three skins and \$340,000, and win his record fifth Skins Game with a total of \$640,000.
3	Network Walkman NW-HD3 supports MP3s Sony is on a roll after the announcement that some of its digital audio players will now support MP3 files. Up to now, they only supported the company #39;s proprietary ATRAC3plus format, a technology used in its Mini Disc players.
0	Politicians Go Courting on Indian Reservations In the last few years, political races from Congress to county sheriff have begun to hinge on the American Indian vote.
3	Nanotechnology aims to cure smelly feet Your secret shame is over. A start-up in Pennsylvania says it can cure foot-odor problems with nanosocks.
0	Rocco and his brothers Jos Manuel Barroso, president-designate of the European commission, has a crisis on his hands. The former Portuguese prime minister won plaudits in the summer for picking his Brussels team without bending to the will of powerful EU governments.
0	Indo-Pak officials begin talks on nuclear CBMs, Sir Creek Islamabad: India and Pakistan on Tuesday began separate talks here on nuclear confidence building measures and to work out modalities to conduct joint survey of pillars at Sir Creek area of the Gujarat coast.
1	Spurs defeat Mavericks 94-80 Tim Duncan scored 27 points and the San Antonio Spurs held Dallas to 3-for-17 shooting in the fourth quarter of a 94-80 victory over the Mavericks on Wednesday night.
2	Olympics, Elections Boost US Ad Sales - Study The Athens Olympics and the US elections boosted total US advertising spending in the third quarter, leaving 2004-to-date spending levels 10.3 above the year-ago level, according to a study released Monday.
2	Ebookers chief gets 92m from sale to Cendant Online travel agency ebookers succumbed to a 209m bid from American travel and real estate group Cendant yesterday in a move which will see founder, chairman and chief executive Dinesh Dhamija pocket more than 92m.
0	Dim prospects for peace With public attention focused elsewhere, the Bush administration is letting Middle East peace hopes disappear. Israelis rightly complain that peace requires a partner, a role that Yasser Arafat has been pathetically incapable of filling so far.
0	A Liberian's bittersweet journey back home The UN predicts that 100,000 Liberians in West Africa will return home by year's end.
1	Triple crown When Bode Miller sped down the Lake Louise course 14/100ths of a second faster than Hermann Maier last Sunday, it was a race for the record books. Not only had the Franconia, N.H., resident beaten Austria's famous ace and won on a course where he always has had trouble, but he also became the first male ...
1	Four tied atop Nedbank Challenge SUN CITY, South Africa -- Australia #39;s Stuart Appleby bogeyed the final two holes to slip back to a four-way tie for the lead after the first round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge on Thursday.
1	Everett romps past Xaverian Fifty-eight seconds into the game, Xaverian looked golden. Thirty-nine minutes later, not so much.
1	Furcal's 11th-Inning Homer Ties Series for Braves (Reuters) Reuters - Rafael Furcal smacked a two-run homer\in the bottom of the 11th inning to hand the Atlanta Braves a\4-2 victory over the Houston Astros in the National League\Divisional Series Thursday.
2	Fiorina: HP #39;s Future All About Execution Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Carly Fiorina said Tuesday that the company is finally where it wants to be in terms of its organizational model.
2	Airbus, Boeing Dispute Likely To Intensify The simmering debate between Airbus and Boeing over subsidies is likely to intensify as negotiators from the United States and European Union, under pressure from the US president, prepare 
0	Pitcairn Sex Abuse Trial Judge  #39;Biased #39; Defence lawyers for seven descendants of the 18th-century Bounty mutineers accused of sexual assault on remote Pitcairn Island moved to halt the trials of the men today, claiming judicial bias.
2	Sun Micro Aims to Woo Banking Customers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SUNW.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; is  staging its first press and customer event in New York on  Tuesday in three years to roll out new products and woo  customers in the banking industry, one of the network computer  maker's most important markets.
2	Kmart Buying Sears in \$11 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt; in a surprise \$11 billion deal that creates the  third-largest U.S. retailer, the companies said on Wednesday.
1	Joy at Silverstone deal SIR Frank Williams led the celebrations after the British Grand Prix was rescued by a last-ditch agreement yesterday. The British Racing Drivers #39; Club, which owns the Silverstone racetrack, had until the close 
3	Dance on GameCube with MC Groovz danceCraze The system #39;s first dancing game --and a dance pad controller to play it on-- are coming this fall from Mad Catz. Fans of music games have longed for the genre to break out on GameCube, and their wish is finally being fulfilled by Mad Catz.
1	Padres stay in the hunt Phil Nevin homered, doubled and drove in five runs, and the visiting San Diego Padres built an early lead Monday en route to trouncing the New York Mets 9-4.
1	Washington Mayor: Baseball Deal Near Dead Washington, DC, Mayor Anthony Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring Major League Baseball back to the US capital was close to dead after the city council changed the plan to require private financing.
3	Antispam screensaver downs two sites in China Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; campaign has killed access to some of the Web sites of its target alleged spammers, Netcraft has found.
0	Twenty Filipinos Found Alive in Rubble After Storm  MANILA (Reuters) - About 20 survivors were found on  Thursday in a building that collapsed 10 days earlier during a  fierce storm and landslides that devastated Real town in the  northern Philippines, a radio station quoted rescuers as  saying.
3	Peer-to-Peer Companies Win in Court Grokster, Morpheus not liable for user's actions, appeals court says.
3	Photos: Halo 2, the adventure begins Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
2	Before the Bell- Merck rises 1.52 pct, 61,000 shares traded Shares of drugmaker Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) traded 1.52 percent higher on volume of more than 61,000 shares in pre-market dealings on Friday, a day after 
2	Corporate watchdog is keeping busy Nell Minow has never been afraid to confront the power brokers in corporate America, first as a fund manager and more recently as a watchdog waving red flags about excessive executive pay, questionable 
1	Burns to stay on as Smith agrees four-year deal with Scotland The Scottish Football Association yesterday made a formal offer to the former Rangers manager and, pending the ratification of his appointment at a board meeting on Thursday, Smith will be officially unveiled as the successor to Berti Vogts on a four-year 
0	Marchers demand Iraq withdrawal Thousands of protesters, including the grieving parents of killed soldiers, have marched in London to demand the removal of British troops from Iraq.
1	Patterson has golden glow ATHENS - Mary Lou Retton left her phone number for Carly Patterson. Call me, she said, after the Olympic all-around competition. 
1	Feeling Their Pain The uphill battle the Red Sox face against the Yankees is nothing new to Boston fans.
2	Update 3: EU Probes Microsoft-Time Warner Deal Risking another trans-Atlantic tussle over Microsoft Corp., European Union antitrust regulators said Wednesday they were investigating whether the software giant #39;s deal with media conglomerate Time Warner Inc.
0	Iran Halts Key Nuclear Work to Avoid Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Iran on Monday suspended sensitive\nuclear activities that could be used to make a bomb in a move\likely to thwart U.S. efforts to report the Islamic Republic to\the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions.
2	Week Ahead: Stocks May Rally if Oil Eases  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors will watch for oil news from  Russia and Iraq next week, but skepticism that crude prices can  stay sky-high is growing and a break in the energy market would  fuel a rally in U.S. stock markets.
3	AMD Debuts Athlon FX-55, 4000 Chip On Tuesday, Advanced Micro Devices introduced its two fastest processors yet, a quiet slap at Intel #39;s latest roadmap revision.
2	High oil prices baffle US economy US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow on Sunday said record-high oil prices baffle the development of US economy.  quot;It #39;s creating headwinds for the otherwise very strong economy 
0	Mother of murder victim Reena Virk wishes offender well at parole hearing (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER  (CP) - Warren Glowatski has served enough time in prison for the murder of Reena Virk and should be granted parole Friday, the victim's mother said Thursday.
3	EMC, Sun tout compliance wares EMC Corp. claims it has hit over 1,000 users and shipped more than 30 petabytes (30,000 TB) of storage capacity since the introduction of its Centera product in April 2002.
1	Uefa backs local talent Football teams would have to include a minimum number of  #39;homegrown #39; players under new proposals announced by the Uefa chief executive today.
2	May Dept. Posts Lower Profit, Sales Fall (Reuters) Reuters - May Department Stores Co. ,\parent of Lord   Taylor and David's Bridal retail chains, on\Tuesday posted a lower quarterly profit on disappointing sales\of dresses and home furnishings.
2	Caterpillar, Union Reach Tentative Pact Caterpillar Inc. and its largest union, the United Auto Workers, said late on Wednesday they had tentatively agreed on a new six-year labor contract, ending a four-month stalemate.
1	Sky nets four-year deal to air live cricket British Sky Broadcasting has strengthened its grip on live television coverage of sport with a deal giving Sky Sports exclusive rights to the live broadcast of all home international and domestic cricket in England and Wales.
0	Airlines Told to Turn Over Passenger Data WASHINGTON - The Transportation Security Administration announced on Tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.    The system, called Secure Flight, replaces a previous plan that would have checked passenger names against commercial databases and assigned a risk level to each...
3	Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old (AP) AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
3	Scientists Say Mauna Loa Volcano May Soon Erupt KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) -- Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.    "We don't believe an eruption is right around the corner, but every day that goes by is one day closer to that event," said Paul Okubo, a seismologist at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on the Big Island...
3	Q amp;A: Microsoft #39;s Will Poole talks about digital home entertainment LOS ANGELES - With Microsoft pulling out the stops to make computers part of home entertainment, Will Poole was a natural choice to lead the business producing PC versions of Windows.
1	Benson and Mets reach preliminary agreement on \$22.5 million &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a \$22.5 million, three-year contract.
0	US Troops, Iraqi Police Killed In Attacks 12 December 2004 -- Insurgents in Iraq conducted attacks across the country today, killing two US soldiers and an Iraqi policeman.
1	Star cyclist Richard Virenque retires French cycling star Richard Virenque retired Friday, ending a career marked by his fierce mountain climbs but tainted by his part in the Tour de France #39;s worst doping scandal.
0	Blair and Chirac pledge unity Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac today promised to work together on restoring stability in the Middle East while drawing a line under their past differences over the war in Iraq.
2	Advanced Micro Devices to miss 3Q sales forecasts NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.NYS) has projected its 3Q04 sales below expectations, with a sequential decline from the previous quarter.
2	Gap Aims at Women Over 35 for New Store Gap Inc. (GPS) on Wednesday said it would test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named Gap brand President Gary Muto to oversee the development.
3	Web Server Takedown Called Speech Threat (AP) AP - Devin Theriot-Orr, a member a feisty group of reporter-activists called Indymedia, was surprised when two FBI agents showed up at his Seattle law office, saying the visit was a "courtesy call" on behalf of Swiss authorities.
1	On deck: Padres (79-68) at Giants (82-65) Tonight #39;s game: In their only outing against Lowry this season, coming after the rookie relieved Schmidt, the Padres amassed nine hits and four runs in three innings.
1	Bowe Knocks Out Rhode in Second Round (AP) AP - Some in boxing were worried Riddick Bowe would get hurt making a comeback after eight years outside the ring. On Saturday night, he was the one doing the hurting.
0	Consumer Prices Decline, Housing Rebounds WASHINGTON - Consumer prices fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline prices dropped while output at factories and housing construction posted healthy rebounds, offering hope the economy has escaped this summer's "soft patch."   The Labor Department said Tuesday that the decline in its closely watched Consumer Price Index was the first decrease since a 0.2 percent drop last November. The CPI had been up 0.3 percent in June and an even sharper 0.6 percent in May, reflecting big jumps in energy costs...
0	Bush Considering Tougher Syria Sanctions-Officials (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration is\considering tightening U.S. economic sanctions on Syria to put\pressure on Damascus to pull its troops out of Lebanon and\crack down on terrorism, administration officials said on\Friday.
0	Contested US nuclear cargo arrives in France CHERBOURG, France, Oct 6 (AFP) - Police threw a heavy escort around a shipment of plutonium from US weapons arsenals as it was offloaded from a ship and taken by military convoy to a nuclear recycling plant in western France on Wednesday despite protests 
3	Oracle moves to quarterly security patch cycle Software maker Oracle will soon start issuing security patches quarterly. This new patch schedule comes only months after the company said it would issue such security updates every month.
3	Intel in new chip breakthrough Intel creates a more powerful memory chip without increasing its size, confounding warnings that the firm had hit its technical limits.
1	Manning, Colts air out Packers INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw nine touchdown passes between them and weren't even the heroes.
2	Telstra, Not Government, To Choose New Chief Opposition parties that currently control the senate have repeatedly blocked moves to fully privatize Telstra, saying they fear it will lead to poor phone and Internet services in Australia #39;s vast outback, where maintaining telecommunications 
0	Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Strip  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead a  Palestinian gunman in the Gaza Strip Sunday as he approached  the border fence with Israel, the army said.
2	How an accountant made poker a draw again A few years ago, casinos across the United States were closing their poker rooms to make space for more popular and lucrative slot machines.
0	UN Lacks Right to Inspect Sites in Iran -- Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear\watchdog would like to visit a secret military site in Iran\that an exile group said was a nuclear weapons site, but they\lack the legal authority to go there, U.N. diplomats told\Reuters.
3	Photo: IBM's p5-575 server IBM's p5-575, a specialized server geared for high-performance computing, has eight 1.9GHz Power5 processors.
0	Thai PM warns of more violence Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has warned that violence in the country #39;s south could get worse. Mr Thaksin said suspected Muslim separatists wanted to provoke the government into over-reacting.
2	Diddy #39;s New Digs In 2004, Kemal Uzan and his two sons, Cem and Hakan, made the Forbes list of the World #39;s Richest People with an estimated net worth of \$1.
3	Sony May Open Retail Stores By ELLIOT SPAGAT    COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) -- Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc...
3	Best Buy Enters Online Photo Processing Fray (Reuters) Reuters - Best Buy Co. Inc. , aiming to\capitalize on the growing popularity of digital imaging, on\Thursday launched a photofinishing service that would allow\customers to order prints online for the first time.
3	Nature and Nurture, the Recipe for Olympic Gold Olympic champions have their parents to thank for their physiology #151;but no one is born a world-record holder. That also requires training, nutrition, desire, and determination.
2	Alitalia Heads for Junkyard of European Airlines No industry better illustrates economist Joseph Schumpeter #39;s argument that capitalism is essentially a process of creative destruction #39; #39; than Europe #39;s airline business.
3	Google Launches Google Print Researching things on the web is an essential part of everyday business - but too often books and other printed sources get left behind.
1	Streaking Cubs Smack Reds 12-4 (AP) AP - Derrek Lee drove in five runs with a three-run homer and a two-run double, and the Chicago Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 12-4 Friday night for their fifth straight win.
2	Index funds, once considered mediocre, come of age Index funds aren #39;t splashy. They never lead the  quot;mutual fund of the month quot; lists or get plugged by commentators on the financial news.
1	Spain sweeps opening singles from US in Davis Cup final With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his US teammates were reduced to silence yesterday in the Davis Cup final.
3	Parents should censor games - expert Otago University computer science lecturer and games expert Simon McCallum is urging parents to pay more attention to the ratings classifications on computer games, many of which, he says, are aimed at adults.
2	Index funds can be great tool for small investors, but choose &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If youve got better things to do than pour over the finer points of your stock portfolio and you dont care to study the performance records and investing styles of mutual 
1	Cheetham shadows Els Bruce McDonald, a little-known Zimbabwean, took the first-round lead on 66 in the European Tour #39;s Dunhill Championship at Leopard Creek Country Club.
1	Werder Bremen 5-1 Anderlecht: FT Report BREMEN, November 2 (Champions League) - Ivan Klasnic fired Werder Bremen closer to the next stage of the Champions League with a superb hat-trick against sorry Anderlecht on Tuesday night.
1	Pippen to retire from NBA Chicago Bull #39;s player Scottie Pippen will join former teammate Michael Jordan in retirement. He is reportedly to announce his retirement from the NBA on Tuesday.
2	Coeur makes tender offer for all Wheaton River shares Coeur d #39;Alene Mines Corp. on Monday formally launched a \$2.1 billion effort to buy all the outstanding common shares of rival Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
3	Apple to Recall 28,000 Laptop Batteries (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O) has\agreed to recall about 28,000 batteries used in its 15-inch\PowerBook G4 laptop computers, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety\Commission said on Thursday.
0	Courtney Love Sued by LA Travel Agency SANTA MONICA, Calif. - Rocker Courtney Love was sued Thursday by a travel agency that claims she ordered nearly \$50,000 in airline tickets but refused to pay...
3	The Trojan resume: MyDoom authors encode job plea But the antivirus community wrinkles its nose at the notion of a worm as curriculum vitae.
0	Fierce Storm Wreaks Havoc Along Florida The hurricane appeared to be strengthening and forecasters warned of an increased threat of serious flooding and wind damage.
3	M.I.T. Technology Review Adopts More Serious Tone The MIT Technology Review, which was introduced in 1899, is getting a makeover to help attract readers and advertisers.
2	Cendant to spin off mortgage unit As part of its strategy to focus on travel and residential real estate, Cendant Corp. today said it plans to spin off its mortgage and fleet operations.
2	House OK's Disclosure of Pension Info (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Wednesday voted to allow workers and retirees to find out from\a federal agency just how severe the shortfalls are in their\companies' pension plans.
1	Bundesliga matches, Oct 16-17 VfB Stuttgart coach Matthias Sammer hosts his former charges Borussia Dortmund on Saturday and believes Kevin Kuranyi will be back to inflict further pain on the visitors.
0	British foreign minister arrives in troubled Darfur (AFP) AFP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrived in Sudan's violence-plagued western region of Darfur to see the plight of refugees driven from their homes by state-sponsored militias.
3	Poor Defenders Some anti-spyware companies use confusing ads, and our tests show their \$20-\$60 products are less effective than free competitors.
1	ENGLAND STARS SET FOR REAL STRUGGLE DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen could miss Real Madrid #39;s Champions League clash with Roma tonight as their Bernabeu nightmare goes from bad to worse.
1	Venus Advances at Advanta Championships (AP) AP - Venus Williams needed a third-set tiebreaker to defeat 87th-ranked Yuliana Fedak, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (4) in the second round of the Advanta Tennis Championships on Thursday night.
0	Geoffrey Rush #39;s doubts about Sellers AUSTRALIA As the Oct. 9 election nears, polls show the rivals - the coalition led by Prime Minister John Howard, and Mark Latham #39;s Labor party -eck-and-neck.
2	Merrill Exec to Testify in Sex Bias Case  LONDON (Reuters) - A top Merrill Lynch official is due to  testify on Wednesday over a 7.5 million pound (\$13.4 million)  sex discrimination lawsuit brought against the U.S.-based  investment bank by former executive Stephanie Villalba.
0	Officials fear Temple Mount could collapse Officials said yesterday the number of Muslim worshipers allowed onto the Temple Mount in Jerusalem during the coming month of Ramadan may have to be limited because of a danger the biblical-era complex might collapse.
0	Terrorist fears hang over Australian election (AFP) AFP - A former US presidential adviser has warned Australia is at increased risk of a Spanish-style terrorist attack ahead of the October 9 election, citing the opposition's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq.
3	Customers of Telco Companies Face Privacy Breach A security advisory posted on Bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of T-mobile wireless and Verizon (landline) voicemail boxes. The advisory talks about the use of Caller-ID spoofing the customers number, allowing a bypass of the PIN code since the voicemail thinks that the customer is calling to check their own voicemail. According to Secure Science Corporation, there has been no response from the vendors. Comments have been posted that T-Mobile has optional PIN code protection off by default. Better turn it on. 
3	Intel Shelves Plans for 4-GHz P4 Company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual-core designs. Intel has confirmed its near-term plans for its desktop processors before it reaches the multicore era.
2	Malden Mills workers OK strike LAWRENCE -- Seven hundred workers at Malden Mills Industries could go on strike as early as tomorrow after the mill's largest union voted to reject the company's final contract offer.
2	Dollar Rallies on Jobs Numbers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied across the board  early  on Friday, after a widely anticipated U.S. payrolls  report came in nearly in line with expectations, something of a  relief to a market fearing another bad number.
1	White Sox Manager Suspended Two Games (AP) AP - Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended Monday for two games and fined an undisclosed amount for arguing with umpires during an Aug. 9 game against Cleveland.
0	Toll of dead and missing from Philippine storms tops 1,400 (AFP) AFP - Relief agencies battled bad weather to deliver supplies into storm-ravaged areas of the Philippines as the toll of dead and missing from two storms in one week exceeded 1,400, officials said.
3	Case study: Data crunch in Florida ballots Use of databases to purge voter rolls led to complaints of people being wrongly excluded.
2	US Airways seeks to delay pension payments Dulles, VA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- US Airways is seeking permission to delay pension contributions of \$67.5 million, so it can keep operating. 
2	Ex-Invesco Chief Agrees to Penalty Raymond Cunningham, the former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group, agreed to pay \$500,000 to settle lawsuits over improper mutual fund trading, his lawyers said yesterday.
3	Lycos Europe appears to have canned its spam war Lycos Europe has apparently pulled the plug on its effort to orchestrate denial of service attacks against selected spammers. Earlier last week, the online community/portal company 
0	Sistani Urges Supporters to Wait at Najaf Gates Iraq #39;s top Shi #39;ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani urged his supporters converging on Najaf on Thursday not to enter the battered holy city until he arrived, a senior aide said.
1	BASEBALL ROUNDUP Jaramillo Interviews to Be Mets #39; Manager Rudy Jaramillo remembers meeting Omar Minaya on a field in the Gulf Coast League in 1985, when they were charged with instructing about 50 minor leaguers from the Texas Rangers organization.
1	Ending will be far from perfect NEW ORLEANS -- Poor Auburn. A 12-0 record and Southeastern Conference title would be enough to make the Tigers a front-runner for the national title most years -- or at least cause a spirited debate about who's No. 1.
3	Kodak, Sun Settle Java Patent Dispute (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) has agreed to pay Eastman Kodak (NYSE: EK) US #36;92 million to settle\a lawsuit filed by Kodak concerning patent infringement in connection\with Java technologies.
3	Mission Accomplished! \\"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Members of Iraq's interim government took an oath of\office Monday just hours after the United States returned the nation's\sovereignty, two days ahead of schedule."\\"Led by Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, each member of the new\government placed a hand on the Koran and promised to serve with sincerity and\impartiality. Iraqi flags lined the wall behind them."\\Iraq!  Now with 100 less Coalition Provisional Authority!  Act now and get a\free Weapon of Mass Destruction (offer only available in Syria, Jordan, Saudi\Arabia, Pakistan, Syria and Iran).\\Also check out our new Puppet Government!  Keeps the kids occupied for hours!\\
1	Hewitt Looks Toward Another U.S. Open Title Lleyton Hewitt eliminated Karol Beck, a 22-year-old Slovakian who was making his first Grand Slam appearance in the round of 16.
2	Inquiry Stymied on Company With Air Force Ties First Command's success in its face-off with Air Force lawyers illustrates how a company with military ties can influence the people who are supposed to monitor it.
1	Sports Scene: DC United wins MLS Cup CARSON, CALIF. - DC United won an unprecedented fourth Major League Soccer Cup on Sunday, beating Kansas City 3-2. United spotted the Wizards an early goal, then scored three times in a seven-minute span of the first half to move in front for good.
1	Three red cards in Cardiff The Ulstermen finished the match with nine men while the Welsh, who fought back from 2-0 down, had 10 on the field. The match exploded after just nine minutes when both teams were reduced to 10 men.
2	Ex-Enron Official Details Merrill Lynch Deal HOUSTON, Oct. 7 -- The government prepared Thursday to rest its fraud and conspiracy case against four former Merrill Lynch   Co. executives and two former mid-level Enron Corp. executives, following testimony from a key Enron executive that a barge sale was a sham designed to inflate profits.
3	Ringtone chartshow to air on British TV (FT.com) FT.com - A new weekly music television show that will showcase charts for mobile phone ringtones and music downloads is to be aired on ITV1 in a sign of the growing influence of both the mobile phone and the internet on music sales.
3	Intel Speeds Up Centrino Chip Intel #39;s Pentium M 765 ships with 2 MB of onboard power-managed Level 2 cache and a frequency of 2.1 GHz. It also features a 400-MHz system bus and power-saving technologies designed to optimize 
1	Game Data: Ohio State at Iowa We have all of the pertinent data, the ABC coverage map, depth charts and one man #39;s prediction for Saturday #39;s game at Iowa (3:30 pm).
0	Israeli Troops Kill 4 Palestinians in Gaza Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed four Palestinians,  including a militant and a 10-year-old girl, in northern Gaza  on Friday, bringing to 83 the Palestinian death toll from a  massive nine-day-old offensive.
0	Opel managers and workers reps to meet, stoppages set to continue (AFP) AFP - Managers and workers representatives at German car maker Opel are set to meet Monday after a weekend vigil by employees protesting against the plans of parent company General Motors to cut thousands of jobs.
2	Halliburton Co suffers loss HOUSTON, OCTOBER26: Hallburton Co. swung to a loss in the third quarter due to \$230 million in charges to pay for a settlement of asbestos claims.
0	PM sets up Blunkett return who quit as Home Secretary on Wednesday evening -fter next Mays General Election. Sources say he could return as 
1	Aachen Makes Final 32 in UEFA Cup Play LONDON - Alemannia Aachen, a German second division team which reached its domestic final last season, is in the final 32 of the UEFA Cup competition and the Glasgow Rangers are out.
0	Arafat #39;s Widow Retrieves Medical Records In this picture released by the Palestinian Authority, Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, center, shakes hands with doctors at his compound in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Oct. 28, 2004 file photo.
1	A charge that lived up to the name He spent three years on the Tight Lies and Hooters tours, where guys have to put down a deposit to play and some of them carry their own bag.
0	World leaders back anti-hunger drive year in development aid to combat global hunger, but the United States has poured cold water on the project.  quot;The greatest scandal is not that hunger exists but that it persists even when we have the means to eliminate it.
1	Home-course advantage? Not US has rank, Europeans have track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Township, Mich. -- For all of Hal Sutton #39;s Bear Bryant-meets-George S. Patton act -- all into-the-breach and damn-the-torpedoes -- and for all of Europe #39;s woe-is-me act -- all faux kneeling at the superpower #39;s 
3	Microsoft #39;s Chief Linux Strategist Interviewed sl0wp0is0n writes  quot;Computerworld has published an interview with Microsoft #39;s chief Linux strategist, Martin Taylor. It #39;s interesting to find out that Microsoft thinks and predicts Novell (SuSE) will be the 
0	Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting\where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly\Sunday, killing at least two people in a grim reminder of the\country's tortuous path toward democracy.
0	Judge Investigates Another Total Executive (AP) AP - A judge investigating suspicions that Total paid bribes to access markets has opened legal proceedings against one of the oil giant's Middle East directors, judicial officials said Friday.
0	Nigerian Strike to Target Oil Exports Nigeria Unions Declare Royal Dutch/Shell an  #39;Enemy, #39; Say Nov. 16 Strike Will Target Oil Exports. President of the Nigerian Labor Congress (NLC) Adams Oshiomhole speaks to journalist in Lagos, Nigeria, Sunday, Oct. 31, 2004.
2	Sears Finally Gets It The venerable retailer finally gets apparel and home furnishings online. Does it matter?
0	Gaza militants seize government building GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Palestinian gunmen seized the governor #39;s office in a southern city on Sunday, demanding aid for families left homeless by an Israeli military operation, witnesses said.
0	Syria Redeploys Some Security Forces in Lebanon (Reuters) Reuters - Syria, under intense pressure to quit\Lebanon, pulled out its security forces from three key\positions in Beirut and north Lebanon on Saturday and\redeployed them in eastern Lebanon.
1	NHL exec says union engaging in a  #39;charade #39; Ottawa, ON (Sports Network) - The negotiations to save the National Hockey League from a work stoppage seemed to take a turn for the worse on Thursday.
2	Oil sets fresh record, closing above \$52 a barrel NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks staged a late-day rally to end higher Wednesday, with the Nasdaq climbing for the seventh straight session, as investor appetite for attractively valued shares trumped concern over a spate of profit warnings and a new high 
3	Via to throw hat in 64-bit x86 chip ring Taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
2	Property Fund Says to Hold YUKOS Auction (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's Federal Property Fund said on\Friday it intended to go ahead with an auction of oil major\YUKOS' main unit Yuganskneftegaz despite a U.S. court decision\to freeze the state-imposed sale.
2	Disney's Eisner to Step Down in Sept 2006  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Chief Executive Michael  Eisner on Friday said he will step down from the media  conglomerate in 2006, aiming to end his two-decade reign on his  own terms after a shareholder revolt nearly cut it short  earlier this year.
2	Vodafone launches music 3G and its handsets make a step to answer the need for all-in-one mobile media devices. The company expects 3G to begin gaining mass market 
2	Why cant Johnny compute? When I suggested in a recent column that a problematic 5 percent of employees account for 75 percent of the IT support burden, I expected a wave of right on! letters from IT support staffers. After the column was published, the letters did come  most of them disagreeing with my premise, with one reader suggesting that the real whiner was yours truly. I still think its outside the realm of overextended IT departments to provide training on basic computing skills (which I defined as managing and finding files, and basic working knowledge of suites such as MS Office). But my thinking was adjusted a bit by the thoughtful feedback.
3	Apple Meets Oracle #39;s Storage Approval With Apple (Quote, Chart) by its side, Oracle will begin offering a flexible storage strategy catering to customers concerned about cutting the costs associated with saving data.
2	Wall Street Looks to Voters NEW YORK, Sept. 2 -- The stock market went whisper quiet this week as Republicans convened in Madison Square Garden to renominate George W. Bush for president.
3	Job application hidden in virus code Experts at a UK anti-virus firm have discovered a job application buried in lines of code for two new computer worm viruses. The message, which could only be read by anti-virus professionals, said:  quot;We searching 4 work in AV (anti-virus) industry.
0	Police, protesters clash in Bangladesh strike Police used batons to beat back hundreds of protesters as an opposition-led general strike brought Bangladesh to a standstill yesterday for the second day.
1	Legacy key element of bid paper A massive injection of cash for grassroots sport and a new national stadium for athletics are included in a multi-million pound legacy promised by London #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympic Games.
0	Typhoon Aere Pounds Taiwan, Heads Into China (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful typhoon triggered landslides\and flash floods in northern Taiwan on Wednesday before plowing\into China where hundreds of thousands of people have been\evacuated.
1	Rowing: Pinsent looks beyond fifth gold towards bright future With characteristic eloquence and humour, the 34-year-old quadruple Olympic rowing champion yesterday announced his widely-predicted decision to retire, thus laying to rest the question that 
0	Technical tune to Agni test before talks New Delhi, Aug. 29: The test-firing of Agni II has little to do with sending diplomatic messages and everything to do with technical requirements, Indian military sources said.
2	EADS acquires Racal Instruments for \$105 million Arlington, Va.-based EADS North America has purchased Racal Instruments Inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment, for \$105 million.
1	No keeping low profile SALT LAKE CITY -- The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
1	Tendulkar set to play in third test NEW DELHI: India #39;s leading batsman Sachin Tendulkar is set to return for the third cricket test against Australia in Nagpur after coming through a fitness check yesterday.
2	SUSAN TOMPOR: Change the law, feel the bounce you know, writing a check a day or two before there #39;s enough cash to cover it -- will soon need to find new tricks for juggling the bills.
2	Mass. tech developer to be sold for \$163m Defense technology developer Foster-Miller Inc. of Waltham says it will be acquired for \$163 million by Britain's QinetiQ Group PLC, a public-private partnership with the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense.
3	First Look: Rio #39;s Hot New Carbon MP3 Player Rio #39;s new 5GB Carbon is the sleekest MP3 player I #39;ve laid eyes on. Happily, the device, which hits stores this week, isn #39;t just about looks: A simple interface and amazing battery life make it the new mini to beat.
1	Wolfsburg jumps to fourth by beating Bielefeld Wolfsburg crushed Arminia Bielefeld 5-0 and jumped to fourth place in Sunday #39;s final Bundesliga round before the winter break.
3	AMD, IBM Speed Up Chips With Strained Wafers Researchers at IBM and AMD have improved a chip-making technology called strained silicon. Their announcement, of a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology, is aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
3	The Final Capitalist Frontier Future space explorers might bring back more than just pictures from their excursions -- they could mine the planets for profit. By Mark Baard.
3	Toshiba unleashes slew of notebooks The wireless-enabled systems target all levels of businesses; at least one model is designed to handle intense graphic presentations. \
0	Tearing up the road map In 2002, President Bush laid down a  quot;road map for peace quot; between Israel and the Palestinians. That road map, to which Israel agreed, called flatly for Israelis to immediately freeze all settlement activity on the occupied West Bank.
0	Militants attack army unit in Thailand, killing one soldier A group of suspected militants armed with M-16 assault rifles attacked an army unit protecting Buddhist monks at a temple in Thailand #39;s southernmost province of Narathiwat early Friday, killing one soldier, police said.
2	Flight Attendants Reject US Air Proposal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Flight attendants at US Airways  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Sunday said they had rejected a new proposal by the  airline on cuts in wages and benefits which they said fail to  improve on sick leave and reserve policies.
0	Brits still a far cry from Americans (Reuters) Reuters - British men are abandoning their stiff upper lips but still do not wear their hearts on their sleeves like Americans, a new\survey shows.
1	Randolph Appears to Be Leader in Clubhouse When the Mets unveiled the finalists for their opening at manager Monday night, the list was in alphabetical order: Terry Collins, Rudy Jaramillo and Willie Randolph.
3	Study: Indian diaspora helped outsourcing movement Indian professionals, venture capitalists (VCs), and entrepreneurs of Indian origin helped promote India as an outsourcing destination, according to a study conducted for the World Bank Institute in Washington, D.C., by Evalueserve Inc., a business intelligence and research firm.
3	The conspiracy game: JFK #39;s assassination is turned into computer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For years, experts have argued over who killed President John Kennedy and whether it was the work of a lone gunman. Now, after four decades of endless speculation, a 
2	After 38 Years, Valenti Prepares To Move On Jack Valenti took a break from cleaning out his office the other day to expound on a subject he knows well: the art of persuasion. Over minestrone soup and hummus at his usual table at the restaurant in the Hay Adams Hotel, Valenti, the 82-year-old dean of Washington lobbyists, reflected on how Washington has changed and how lobbyists should operate here.
0	Clarkson's budget, gun registry among items up for vote late Thursday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Parliament was set to vote on pair of thorny government expenses late Thursday: the scandal-plagued gun registry and the Governor General's budget.
0	Najaf's Residents Feel Trapped in Battle (AP) AP - For nearly three weeks, Amer al-Jamali hasn't been able to go to work. He cannot visit his father, find medication for his diabetic children or even sleep on his roof to escape the city's suffocating heat made worse by power outages.
3	On-Demand Video Game Services Vary (AP) AP - Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. So why does video game shopping still mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for the delivery truck after you order online?
3	FCC Cuts Public Line To Phone Outage Data The Federal Communications Commission, citing concerns about national security, has abandoned a 10-year-old policy and will no longer give the public access to information about past telephone network outages. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	Times drops broadsheet edition The Times has abandoned the broadsheet edition of the newspaper, almost a year to the day since it launched a tabloid version for commuters.
3	The heat is on FreeiPods.com FreeiPods.com is a service that offers users free iPod music players if they sign up for promotions and refer users to the services.
3	Epsom Salts Could Reveal History of Water on Mars BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Epsom-like salts believed to be common on Mars may be a major source of water there, say geologists at Indiana University Bloomington and Los Alamos National Laboratory...
1	Astros Creep Closer After defeating the Reds 8-0, Houston is within three games of the NL wild card lead. Jeff Kent slugs two homers in the Astros win.
0	US Launches Fresh Assault on Sadr Forces in Najaf US forces launched a fresh assault on Shi #39;ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf on Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque at the center of a two-week siege ran into difficulties.
2	Ford and GM struggle as sales slip DETROIT Despite a crop of new car models and a generous supply of rebates, sales fell for Ford Motor and General Motors in November.
3	Microsoft #39;s Search Falls Far Short of Google #39;s Google engineers must have breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when rival Microsoft Corp. rolled out a new search engine that proved glitchy and failed to wow reviewers.
2	Health Highlights: Oct. 31, 2004 A drug currently prescribed to combat advanced breast cancer can now be used to help prevent the disease from recurring in women who have been treated for early forms of the disease, the US Food and Drug Administration ruled Friday.
0	UN official proposes autonomy for Sudan's embattled Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - N'DJAMENA, Chad (AP) - The UN High Commissioner for Refugees proposed autonomy for the troubled Darfur region of Sudan - a solution the government has resisted. But it said Friday it would be willing to discuss the position anew in an effort to end the violence that has killed 50,000 people.
3	Nokia to offer encryption tool Nokia plans to work with Swedish security company Pointsec Mobile Technologies to develop an encryption tool for high-end phones, the companies said Tuesday.
0	Turn on the charm if you want to woo Europeans, Turkey told TURKEY must do more to overcome popular hostility in the West, it was told yesterday, as Europes leaders met to take the historic decision to open talks on its membership of the European Union in October next year.
0	At least 3 killed in blast at Australian Embassy Jakarta, Indonesia -- A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta early today, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
0	Protesters storm British parliament, but fox hunt ban proceeds (AFP) AFP - Supporters of fox hunting stormed Britain's parliament and clashed with police in the streets, but failed to stop lawmakers from voting by an overwhelming margin to ban the blood sport.
1	Depleted Pacers Tip Timberwolves 106-102 (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley is making the Indiana Pacers his team. Tinsley had 20 points, 14 assists and seven rebounds to lead the suspension- and injury-depleted Pacers to a 106-102 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday night.
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report (AP) AP - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that "we were right to take action" against Saddam Hussein.
0	Dutch filmmaker, known for criticism of Islam, murdered Two years after the killing of highly popular anti-immigration populist Pim Fortuyn, Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh is thought to have died a politically motivated death.
3	Delayed Starbucks music stores finally debut CD-burning stations located inside Starbucks Corp. stores finally made their debut in Seattle Monday after six months of design and other delays.
0	VIEW: Muslims, America and Israel Syed Mansoor Hussain It is extremely important for Muslims, not only those in the US but also elsewhere, to decide whether they are against Israel because it is an oppressive occupying power that is denying Palestinians their genuine rights, or because it is a Jewish state.
0	Panama Pardons Cuban Exiles in Castro Bomb Plot (Reuters) Reuters - Panama's outgoing president on\Thursday pardoned four Cuban exiles jailed for plotting to kill\Cuban President Fidel Castro in 2000 and three or them flew\straight to Miami, a haven of anti-Castro groups.
0	Endangered black rhino hunting ban lifted A ban on hunting critically endangered black rhinoceros has been lifted by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, The Telegraph reported.
3	iBeam adds laser pointer, flashlight to iPod (MacCentral) MacCentral - Griffin Technology Inc. on Monday unveiled the iBeam, a new flashlight and laser pointer combination designed to work as a snap-on package for iPods and iPod minis. The flashlight and laser pointer are two separate devices that feature protective caps and can be clipped on to a keychain when not in use. The devices plug in to the iPod's headphone jack. The package will cost US #36;19.99 when it ships by the end of October.
3	Siemens warns of ear damage from mobile phone tunes DSSELDORF, GERMANY - Careful -- some mobile phone tunes could be hazardous to your health.
3	New browser wins over net surfers The proportion of surfers using Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. Net traffic monitor, OneStat.
2	Alltel buys assets from Cingular; swaps market interests NEW YORK, November 26 (newratings.com) - Alltel Corporation (AT.NYS) has reached a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets from Cingular Wireless for \$170 million in cash, while the two companies have agreed to swap partnership interests in 
2	FPL struggling to get lights back on for customers Florida Power  amp; Light Co. was only able to restore power to 45,400 customers in Palm Beach County between Sunday morning and Monday afternoon.
3	Epson builds lightest, smallest micro-flying robot EPSON HAS ANNOUNCED that it has developed a successor to the FR  the world #39;s smallest and lightest micro-flying robot. The FR-II uses micromechatronics technology, and features Bluetooth wireless control and independent flight. It #39;ll go on show at the ...
2	Report: US Manufacturing Regains Some Strength Friday #39;s Commerce Department report says orders for most durable goods jumped 2.3 percent in the month. These figures exclude a decline in orders for civilian aircraft.
3	DoCoMo, MMO2 to Offer I-Mode Service in UK, Ireland (Update1) NTT DoCoMo Inc., Japan #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, and MMO2 Plc will introduce a cellular- phone service in the UK, Ireland and Germany based on the Japanese carrier #39;s i-mode wireless Internet technology.
0	Cubs Walk Past Pirates 1-0 PITTSBURGH - Carlos Zambrano pitched 7 1-3 shutout innings to outduel Oliver Perez and beat Pittsburgh for the fifth straight time this season, carrying the Chicago Cubs to a tense, 1-0 victory over the Pirates on Wednesday night.    Sammy Sosa preserved the Cubs' sixth shutout with a sprawling, belly-flop catch of Ty Wigginton's bases-loaded, two-out line drive to right field in the eighth...
0	Blair to Have Heart Procedure, Will Serve 3rd Term  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will  go into hospital Friday for a procedure to correct heart  palpitations but will be fully functioning and back at work  next week, his office said in a statement.
1	Baros on shortlist for world accolade MILAN BAROS, who has struggled to maintain a place in Rafael Benitez #39;s starting line-up this season, has been nominated for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award.
2	Merck gets good news on drug to replace Vioxx Drug giant Merck says the Food and Drug Administration wants more information, but is prepared to approve the company #39;s successor drug to recalled pain reliever Vioxx.
1	Dein hails Thierry Henry Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein insisted Thierry Henry was the only realistic candidate to win the FIFA World Player of the Year award.
0	15 killed as trains collide in India The crash happened along a rural stretch of track between the cities of Pathankot and Jalandhar, in India #39;s northern Punjab province, about 180 miles north-west of New Delhi.
3	Virginia Commits Funds To  Lure New IBM Jobs The state of Virginia and Fairfax County each pledged \$600,000 to entice International Business Machines Corp. to bring 1,250 high-paying new government contracting jobs to Fairfax. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	United Airlines Seeks Staff Concessions (Reuters) Reuters - United Airlines is expected to ask a\bankruptcy judge to let it extract new concessions worth  #36;725\million a year from employees as it seeks to reorganize, the\Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
3	Wippit to gain over 1m major-label tracks Gets content from last-two-to-licence 'big four' recording firms
3	Pulp Fiction writer sues Microsoft Always in the courts for something, this time its writer and consultant to games makers Roger Avary who is involved in legal action with Microsoft.
0	Bush Signs Orders to Reform Intelligence WASHINGTON - President Bush on Friday signed executive orders designed to strengthen the CIA director's power over the nation's intelligence agencies and create a national counterterrorism center, responding to election-year pressures to enact changes called for by the Sept. 11 commission...
2	UK may need to raise taxes to cut deficits - OECD British public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said yesterday.
1	NBA Game Summary - Cleveland At Charlotte Charlotte, NC -- LeBron James poured in a game-high 19 points and Jeff McInnis scored 18 as the Cleveland Cavaliers routed the Charlotte Bobcats, 106-89, at the Charlotte Coliseum.
0	Rescue workers in China continue search for 148 missing miners Officials in China are holding few hopes for the survival of 148 miners trapped after a coal mine explosion. So far, 56 people are confirmed to have died in the blast in Henan province and rescue work is continuing.
0	Thousands Protest Gaza Evacuation Plan JERUSALEM - Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers demonstrated in Jerusalem on Sunday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to evacuate all settlements from Gaza and four West Bank enclaves in a rally held against a backdrop of assassination threats and warnings of civil war.    The withdrawal plan has upset the Israeli political scene since it was announced last year, turning Sharon's backers into opponents and detractors into supporters...
3	'Grand Theft Auto' Seen Breaking Games Sales Record &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Franklin Paul&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) -  When the violent video game "Grand\Theft Auto: San Andreas" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales\could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it\draws the ire of critics.&lt;/p&gt;
3	When Shots Ring Out, a Listening Device Acts as Witness Police agencies around the country may soon be able to equip street corners with microphones and video cameras to fight gun-related crime.
3	Enjoy the Arctic while it #39;s still here The next time you step outside, take a good long look around. What you will see is how the Arctic has looked for at least 10,000 years and you may be among the last of the many generations who can say they have seen it that way.
0	No Pause in Foreign Exodus from Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - An exodus of foreigners from Ivory  Coast showed no signs of easing Saturday as West African  leaders prepared to meet in Nigeria for emergency talks about a  crisis which threatens the entire region.
0	Aristide supporters rampage in Haiti YOUNG gangsters torched cars, fired in the air and terrorised people not far from the presidential palace as violence flared in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince.
0	Myanmar Still Irritant as Asia, Europe Heads Meet  HANOI (Reuters) - The absent member will be the one holding  center-stage at a meeting in Hanoi of leaders of Asia and  Europe. In a hard-fought compromise, Myanmar's ruling junta  will not send its government head.
1	Lightning Get Rings in Private Ceremony (AP) AP - It should have been an occasion for the Tampa Bay Lightning to bask one more time in the glow of winning the Stanley Cup.
3	Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school, fellow students and an 
3	Columnists: The Cost of Security Training The cost of providing security training to your staff may be high, but what is the cost of not providing any training at all?
0	Three More Bodies Found in Iraq #39;s Restive Mosul The bodies of three men killed by insurgents were found on a street in the Iraqi city of Mosul on Sunday, a day after US troops in the city discovered the bodies of nine Iraqi soldiers who had been shot in the head.
1	They were playing for pride FOXBOROUGH -- For the Patriots, the game had been won. But for the Patriots' defense, there was still something at stake in yesterday's contest with the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
2	Gazprom shares opened 9 percent higher Wed, heavy buying continues MOSCOW, September 15 (Itar-Tass) -- Gazproms shares opened nine percent higher on Wednesday to reach 74 rubles apiece, as heavy buying continued on news of the forthcoming takeover of the oil company Rosneft and the early liberalization of the gas giant 
2	U.S. Indicators Fall, 4th Month Straight  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A closely watched gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell in September for the fourth  straight month after a stronger pace earlier in the year, a  private research firm said on Thursday.
0	Attacks force aid group from Iraq The international relief group Medecins Sans Frontieres is stopping its activities in Iraq because of  quot;escalating violence quot; in the country that is endangering its staff and other aid workers.
3	People on Mars Possible in 20 to 30 Years (Reuters) Reuters - People could land on Mars in the\next 20 to 30 years provided scientists can find water on the\red planet, the head of NASA's surface exploration mission said\on Wednesday.
1	Baltimore #39;s Bruce Chen shuts down Blue Jays for first victory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Bruce Chen #39;s last major league victory was so long ago, he can barely remember it. But he won #39;t soon forget his latest win.
2	Fed chief warns of  #39;painful #39; decisions WASHINGTON - The nation will face  quot;abrupt and painful quot; consequences unless the government moves quickly to fix the finances of Social Security and Medicare, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday.
0	Carson man charged with Iraqi #39;s murder Two US soldiers, including one from Carson, have been charged with murder in the death of an Iraqi civilian, the 1st Cavalry Division announced Monday.
3	US IT Spending to Grow 7 Next Year Consistent with the cyclical nature of IT spending, where periods of digestion and refinement follow periods of heavy technology investment, Forrester Research Inc.
0	Mubarak predicts Abbas winning Palestinian elections: TV Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Thursday that Mahmoud Abbas would probably win the upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, Egyptian television reported.
0	Iranian, Egyptian hostages freed; 12 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD (AFP) - An Iranian diplomat and an Egyptian telecom worker held for days by Islamic militants in Iraq were freed as 12 people died in fresh violence across the country.
3	Molyneux apologises for missing features in Fable Lionhead supremo Peter Molyneux has taken the unprecedented step of apologising to fans on an official message board for any features that were described during Fable #39;s development that didn #39;t make it into the final game.
0	Defense sources: Killing of top Hamas man will weaken terror The killing of Adnan Al-Ghoul, the No. 2 leader of the Hamas military wing, is one of the most important assassinations Israel has carried out in the last few years, defense establishment officials told Army Radio on Friday.
0	Bush applauds Iraq debt cuts US President George Bush today applauded the decision by the so-called Paris Club of creditor nations to slash 80 per cent of the money Iraq owed them and urged non-member countries to do the same.
0	Filmmaker #39;s Murder May Spell End of Dutch Tolerance Dutch police have apprehended eight suspects (all young Moroccans and Algerians) in the killing of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh (yes, he is related) on Tuesday morning outside his flat in Amsterdam, an act which horrified Dutch citizens.
1	Owen Beaming From Real Big Week Real Madrid forward Michael Owen was in the mood to celebrate after his midweek goal against Leganes completed a rare seven day hat trick of scoring La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey winners.
2	Blockbuster to drop late fees Blockbuster Inc., the nation #39;s biggest movie-rental company, said yesterday that it will eliminate late fees on games and movies as of Jan. 1 - but if you keep them too long, you buy them.
1	Celtics 101 Edge Bucks 101-100 Boston Celtics forward Paul Pierce, right, hangs on to Milwaukee Bucks center Zendon Hamilton (31) while fouling on a dunk in the second half in Boston, Wednesday Dec. 1, 2005.
3	Transmeta Hype Suffers Hardware Reality Four years after its splashy launch, chip maker is still struggling.
3	GAO: Legacy systems hamper Army reservists' pay The war in Iraq has pushed aging U.S. Army payroll systems past their breaking point, leading to widespread payroll problems for reservists, according to a U.S. Government Accountability Office report.
2	DoubleClick Says Quarterly Profit More Than Doubles Internet marketing company DoubleClick Inc. (DCLK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly profit more than doubled with one-time gains, but its shares fell after hours 
3	2004 Global nanotech spending report Lux Research Inc., a New York-based nanotechnology firm has released a detailed report that suggests global spending on research and capital investment in nanotechnology will reach \$8.6 this year. More than half that figure, \$4.6 billion, will come in the ...
3	Hands-Free Mousing Could Mean Using Your Nose Its the same routine - type a little on the keyboard, move the dominant hand, maneuver through the screen with the mouse, and pick the hand back up, replace it on the keyboard and continue typing.
3	UC Berkeley hack apology p2pnet.net News:-  quot;UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people, quot; says the Berkeley Daily Planet.
2	California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from Californias insurance commissioner for their \$16.4 billion merger.
1	Hamm Retains Olympic All-Round Gold American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep his Olympic all-round gold medal after the Lausanne-based Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejected Thursday an appeal from South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young.
3	Microsoft Set to Ask Judge to Suspend Penalties  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is ready to ask a judge  on Thursday to suspend penalties imposed on it for violating  antitrust law by using the monopoly of its Windows operating  system to hurt competitors.
0	26 Charged in Va. In Document Fraud  Law enforcement officials said yesterday that they have broken up the largest known document fraud ring in Northern Virginia, charging 26 people in a scheme to sell identification to thousands of Indonesian immigrants nationwide.
3	Shopping Search Update 2004, Part 2 Here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. Today: NexTag, PriceGrabber, Shopping.com/Dealtime and Yahoo Shopping.
3	Oracle Expands Beyond Databases Oracle announced the creation of Oracle Collaboration Suite, a real-time toolkit enabling enterprises to collaborate and manage content in whole new ways.
0	India, Pakistan report progress on Kashmir, other disputes India and Pakistan said Wednesday they were considering scaling back thousands of troops from the Siachen Glacier, the world #39;s highest battlefield, and reported other progress 
3	Pentagon Blocks Access to Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - Some Americans overseas are being\denied access to a Pentagon-run Web site intended to make it\easier for them to vote by absentee ballot due to security\measures to thwart hackers, the Pentagon said on Tuesday.
1	Braves end three-game losing streak ATLANTA - Showing they can circle the wagons with the best of them, the Braves fought off enemies real and imagined Friday night on the heels of shortstop Rafael Furcal #39;s DUI arrest.
3	Google Flaws and Fixes Google Flaws and Fixes\\There have been many criticisms recently of Google and it's page rank algorithm. First, to the criticisms of Google itself. Has anyone noticed that Google currently indexes 4 billion odd web pages? Very few of us had the time to trod through Google's white paper, but those ...
3	Week in review: Intel looks ahead Intel took the stage to talk up its plans for dual-core chips and wireless gadgetry and to sketch out  quot;the Internet of tomorrow.
0	Some Detainees Said Returning to Terror WASHINGTON - Despite gaining their freedom by signing pledges to renounce violence, at least seven former prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have returned to terrorism, at times with deadly consequences.    At least two are believed to have died in fighting in Afghanistan, and a third was recaptured during a raid of a suspected training camp in Afghanistan, Lt...
1	Syracuse #39;s Edelin cleared to play by NCAA Syracuse, NY (Sports Network) - Syracuse junior point guard Billy Edelin has been granted the academic waiver petition by the NCAA, making him eligible to play immediately for the Orange.
1	Resurgent Davenport bests Venus Clearly, this is not the Venus Williams of old, so perhaps Lindsay Davenport #39;s 7-5, 6-4 fourth-round victory over Williams yesterday in the US Open no longer merits a gold star as a special achievement.
0	AU Says Sudan Begins Troop Withdrawal from Darfur  ABUJA (Reuters) - The African Union said on Saturday that  Sudan had started withdrawing troops in Darfur ahead of an  evening deadline to end fighting in the troubled region.
0	U.S. Rules Out Iraq Women Prisoner Release BAGHDAD, Iraq - Authorities insisted they won't give in to militants' demands to free female Iraqi prisoners despite the plea of a tearful British hostage begging Britain to save his life in a video released by his captors.    The captive, Kenneth Bigley, appealed to British Prime Minister Tony Blair to intervene...
3	Fertilizer May Be Root of Big Colombia Coca Plants (Reuters) Reuters - Giant coca plants said to\resist herbicides and yield eight times more cocaine may be due\to extra fertilizer, not a drug cartel's genetic modification\program, a scientist said on Tuesday.
1	Race Features 2005 Driver Line-Up The driver line-up for the 2005 Formula One season is beginning to take shape with only six seats still available. Two teams, Williams and Red Bull Racing, each have one seat open, while both Jordan and Minardi 
2	German unemployment rises again threatening budget deficit FRANKFURT : The number of jobless in Germany rose in October, data showed, complicating the government #39;s already tough task of trying to draft a budget that will respect European Union guidelines.
2	Calpine Accounts Questioned  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Calpine Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPN.N&lt;/A&gt; has been  struggling badly ever since the Enron Corp. collapse in 2001  exposed the weaknesses of its power generation and trading  business, but a recent study of its accounts suggests worse may  still be to come.
0	Sri Lanka concern over violence (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka expressed concern over truce violations by Tiger rebels as a top Norwegian envoy prepared to return home empty-handed after failing to end the island's talks deadlock, officials said.
0	People want to see a resolution of the Kashmir issue: Musharraf Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has categorically stated that Pakistan #39;s Kashmir policy has not been changed and whatever options he presents, should be seen as various ways to resolve this outstanding imbroglio.
2	Victory of known entity lifts stocks Stock markets powered ahead while government bonds suffered yesterday as financial markets around the world signalled relief at the emerging clarity, and the result, of the US presidential election.
2	As Stewart Enters Prison, Her Company Refurbishes Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is focused both on life without Ms. Stewart and on life once she returns.
0	7 Texas Kids Found in Nigeria Orphanage HOUSTON - Seven Texas children were discovered abandoned at a Nigerian orphanage, suffering from disease and malnutrition, and have been brought back to the United States.    Child Protective Services, which received emergency custody of the children Monday, is investigating accusations that the children's adoptive mother abandoned them in Nigeria in October and later went to work in Iraq as a private contractor...
2	IBM reaches pension accord IBM said Wednesday it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that will affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofits.
1	Wizards Down Galaxy Kansas City secures the top seed in the Western Conference on Saturday with a 1-0 victory over Los Angeles.
2	Saks to Close 11 Stores, 700 Jobs Cut Retailer Saks Inc. (SKS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it will close eight of its luxury Saks Fifth Avenue stores and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, resulting in a loss of 700 jobs at those stores.
0	Typhoon Lashes Taiwan With Wind, Rain (AP) AP - Strong winds and heavy rains lashed eastern Taiwan as Typhoon Nock-ten began battering the island Sunday night. One fisherman was missing, police said.
1	Maradona on Christmas Break from Drug Rehab  HAVANA (Reuters) - Diego Maradona left Cuba on Sunday,  interrupting his cocaine-addiction therapy to spend Christmas  at home with his family in defiance of his doctor's advice.
0	ER Patients Won't Have to Give U.S. Status (AP) AP - The Bush administration is backing off plans to require hospitals to ask emergency room patients their immigration status, after hospitals and advocates for immigrants protested.
0	Darfur rebels boycott talks for 24 hours over attacks ABUJA : Darfur #39;s two rebel groups said they would boycott African Union-led peace talks with Sudanese officials for one day in protest at alleged recent attacks on civilians by government forces.
0	Jakarta embassy bombers not among the nine victims: police (AFP) AFP - Police investigating the deadly attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have said they have identified all nine victims of the blast and are still working to piece together the suicide bombers.
3	Film Trade Group Files Anti-Piracy Suits LOS ANGELES Nov 17, 2004 - Following the lead of record companies who curtailed rampant Internet piracy by targeting even small-time file swappers, Hollywood studios have launched a first wave of lawsuits against people who allegedly downloaded recent 
0	Quickly Asia BEIJING - Forty-four suspected North Koreans climbed over a wall into the Canadian Embassy in Beijing yesterday, the latest in a rash of diplomatic mission break-ins by North Koreans seeking asylum.
2	Pricey Gas Stalls AutoZone High gas prices are a tough obstacle for most businesses, and the auto parts retail business is no exception. AutoZone (NYSE: AZO), the largest of the auto parts retailers, said this morning 
1	Hawks bring back Kevin Willis Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free agent Kevin Willis on Wednesday, nearly a decade after the veteran big man ended an 11- year stint with the team.
2	Hilfiger to Buy Lagerfeld Trademarks Clothing company Tommy Hilfiger Corp. said Monday that it agreed to purchase the trademarks of fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld, including Lagerfeld Galleries and other Lagerfeld collections, for an undisclosed cash amount.
1	Giants #39; only hope is the future As darkness descended in the Valley of the Sun, the Giants flickering playoff hopes may have been all but extinguished in the cool desert air.
2	Bundesbank sees German economy growing by 1.2 - 1.3 pct in 2005 (AFP) AFP - The Bundesbank is forecasting growth of 1.2 - 1.3 percent for the German economy next year, much less than the government's official forecast of 1.7 percent.
3	Algae Threatens Croatian Adriatic (Reuters) Reuters - Stari Grad bay on the\island of Hvar is one of the most charming resorts in Croatia.\But beneath the quiet surface of the southern Adriatic an\aggressive tropical algae is threatening the sea's eco-system.
3	Sun God Gets Burned (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - In Greek mythology, Apollo was the god of the sun. But yesterday, for-profit educator Apollo Group (Nasdaq: APOL - News) more resembled another figure from Greek lore -- Icarus, the young lad who made wings of wax and feathers, flew too close to the sun, and plunged to his death when the wax melted.
0	Darfur situation "unbelievably horrible": UN goodwill ambassador Jolie (AFP) AFP - Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie said the situation in Darfur was  quot;unbelievably horrible quot; and that security remained a major problem, after a tour of Sudan's war-torn region.
2	51job Inc listed on NASDAQ The Chinese online human resources provider 51job Inc made its debut on the NASDAQ stock market in New York with an initial offering (IPO) price of US\$14 per share yesterday, China Daily reported Thursday.
3	IBM expands virtual resources for business partners IBM has unveiled virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
1	Argentina Completes Dream Team's Downfall (AP) AP - Bronze is the best the American men's basketball team can do, and the reason is simple: They were beaten by a better team, Argentina. Manu Ginobili scored 29 points to lead his nation to another victory over the country that used to dominate the sport, an 89-81 win in the Olympic semifinals Friday night.
0	Aishwarya Rai to star in Hollywood blockbuster "Taj Mahal" (AFP) AFP - Bollywood's Aishwarya Rai is set to star in a Hollywood blockbuster called "Taj Mahal", the famous monument to love built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.
1	(4) Miami 45 NC State 31 RALEIGH, NC Miami quarterback Broke Berlne tied a school record with five touchdown passes and Devin Hester returned the opening kickoff 100 yards for another score in fourth-ranked Miami #39;s 45-to-31 win over NC State.
2	Microsoft to Pay Novell \$536 Million Microsoft will pay Novell \$536 million to settle an antitrust dispute. Novell plans to file a new suit againt Microsoft regarding word-processing software.
0	Fears for rhino as hunters are allowed to kill again Big game hunters can return to Africa to shoot the black rhino after a 20-year worldwide ban on trade in the animals was lifted yesterday.
1	Bucs now get to see other side of Sapp Warren Sapp #39;s presence and legacy linger around the Tampa Bay Buccaneers like something tangible, something that can be felt, heard and feared, say an open-handed slap to the face mask.
3	Demand Helps CACI Profit Increase 56 CACI International Inc. said increased demand for its homeland security and intelligence services helped boost fourth-quarter profit by 56 percent over the same period a year earlier.
1	Bush Wants Baseball to Work Out Steroids Problem (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush wants Major League\Baseball management and players to come up with a tough\steroids testing program on their own and believes progress is\being made, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
2	Dollar worries prompt Wall Street selloff Fears of a falling US dollar pushed stocks lower Monday as investor concerns about rising inflation outweighed their satisfaction with a decent start to the holiday shopping season.
2	Overseas investors to visit South Korea hub A group of foreign investors was planning to invest \$3 billion (R19.6 billion) to develop Yeongjong Island in Incheon as part of a government project to create a northeast Asian logistics 
3	Internet Emerges As Potent Terror Tool The images coming out of the latest hostage crisis in Iraq - capped by dramatic video of British captive Kenneth Bigley begging for his life - have transfixed Britons, left governments looking helpless, and revived a classic dilemma about whether to negotiate with terrorists.
3	Rojo Blog Launched \\Today we launched our Rojo blog:\\"We are very pleased to announce a new company: Rojo Networks, Inc. Our mission\is to make online content more accessible and useful for information\consumers, and our free Internet service, Rojo, aims to do just that."\\"In early 2003 the founders of Rojo met for the first time in a cafe in San\Francisco. We had come from different backgrounds-Chris Alden had been a\co-founder of Red Herring Communications and so had come from a publishing\perspective while Kevin Burton had developed and was soon to release an RSS\reader called NewsMonster (see who else is involved in Rojo here)-but we\shared a passionate belief that with the revolution in online writing, ...\\
2	LIQUID DIET After the startling success of its turkey and gravy-flavoured soda during last year #39;s US holiday season, a Seattle soda company will be serving up green beans and casserole, mashed potatoes and butter, fruitcake and cranberry flavours.
1	FA:  #39;Keegan charged over ref rage #39; The FA has attempted to clarify the charge being levelled against Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan. Keegan himself appeared confused about the precise nature of the charge yesterday when he revealed he would 
1	Defense steps up for Oliver Ames The top-seeded Oliver Ames girls' soccer team has outscored opponents, 11-0, in the first two rounds of the Division 1 South Sectional tournament, and its all-star forwards have not scored most of those goals.
1	Shibui Has Record Run at Berlin Marathon (AP) AP - Japan's Yoko Shibui overcame a run-in with an official to win the Berlin Marathon on Sunday in a race-record 2 hours, 19 minutes, 41 seconds, the fourth-best time for a woman at the distance.
3	A quarter of bird species in danger of extinction, study warns By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 per cent will be on the brink of extinction according to one of the largest studies of avian biodiversity.
2	India, Pak talk cooperation in hydrocarbons NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 6: India and Pakistan on Monday discussed possible areas of bilateral cooperation in the hydrocarbon sector, including laying a pipeline from Jalandhar to Lahore to export diesel and Indian firms assisting Pakistan in setting up CNG 
3	Arctic ice to melt in summer this century unless greenhouse gases &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Arctic ice cover will completely disappear in summer by the end of this century unless carbon dioxide emissions are significantly reduced, according to a scientific study to be released next week.
0	Miers Picked As White House Counsel (AP) AP - President Bush has decided to name Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel, a senior administration official said Wednesday.
1	Mussina Shows a Sparkle the Yankees Will Need A night after the Yankees gave up 17 runs in a loss, their outlook brightened considerably as Mike Mussina stifled the Kansas City Royals.
3	Will your phone become your credit card? com October 12, 2004, 12:23 PM PT. Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
1	Howell Leads Dunhill Links by 1 Shot England #39;s David Howell holed a 105-yard shot for an eagle and finished with a 7-under-par 65 to take a one-stroke lead over Luke Donald yesterday after the second round of the Dunhill Links Championship in St.
3	Swift roars to record the  quot;birth cries quot; of black holes Nasa #39;s fastest-swivelling space probe ever built -- Swift -- roared into the orbit aiming to explore the violent celestial explosions which may bestow black holes the birth cries.
3	Panel Votes to Transfer Airwaves to Groups Committee votes to transfer airwaves to public safety groups but includes a provision that critics say could allow broadcasters to delay the move indefinitely. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
0	Arroyo asks Muslims for help on Filipino hostages President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appealed to world Muslim leaders today to help secure the release of Filipino hostages in Afghanistan and Iraq as anxious relatives prayed for their safety.
1	The thrill isn't gone just yet Apres le deluge , now what? Well, a possible Miracle of the Shoe, if Terry Francona is to be believed, and that comes with a parental warning, given the tardiness with which the Red Sox disclosed the severity of Curt Schilling's right ankle injury.
3	Robbie album sold on memory card Singer Robbie Williams' greatest hits album is to be sold on a memory card for mobile phones.
2	Symantec shares skid on deal SAN FRANCISCO Symantec, the computer security giant, reached final agreement Thursday to take over the storage and backup program maker Veritas Software, making Symantec the No.4 independent software company in the world.
1	Madrid golf Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell is hot on the heels of the leaders going into the final round of the Madrid Open today. The Portrush golfer finished just one shot off the lead following a four under par 
0	'Alien Vs. Predator' Smacks Down Rivals LOS ANGELES - Movie-goers were easy prey for a double dose of space invaders. The sci-fi smackdown "Alien vs...
3	Drug-Discovery Plan to Tap, and Help, Africa Forests An ambitious drug-research project in Madagascar aims to tap the botanical knowledge of traditional healers while helping to protect the country's rain forests.
3	Veritas Software Buys Email Backup Firm Veritas Software Corp. , the leading storage software provider, said on Tuesday it agreed to acquire email backup company KVault Software Ltd.
0	Militants kidnap three foreigners in Kabul Islamic militants claim they are holding three foreign election workers kidnapped Thursday from a UN vehicle in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
3	School #39;s out to shun IE Citing security risks, a state university is urging students to drop Internet Explorer in favor of alternative Web browsers such as Firefox and Safari.
3	Keyboards are &lt;u&gt;old&lt;/u&gt; - tap tables to send email Sensor system allows input from virtually anything
1	No raindrops on Arroyo The steady rain was getting to Bronson Arroyo, and not because it presented the clear and present danger of frizzing his cornrows.  quot;It's pretty slick out there, quot; he reported, 2 hours 10 minutes before the scheduled start of Game 3 last night.  quot;It's very difficult to get your footing. I don't like it. It will be tough ...
1	Jets: Too soon to anoint Pennington As Bill Parcells would say,  quot;Don #39;t put him in Canton just yet, fellas. quot;. As in Canton, Ohio, home of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
1	Apology due for this sorry performance There may have been gloomier, more depressing, and costlier days for a Boston College athletic team in the past 40 years, but I can't think of one.
1	England sitting pretty England ended the latest round of World Cup qualfiers sitting pretty and well on course for Germany in 2006 - sadly not the same can be said for Wales and Scotland, two countries in turmoil.
0	Defying Army Offensive, Hamas Rockets Hit Israel  GAZA (Reuters) - Defiant Palestinian militants fired  rockets into an Israeli border town on Monday despite Israel's  vow to stop such attacks from the Gaza Strip with a massive  military offensive that has killed 66 Palestinians.
3	Federal Court to Hear Microsoft Appeal of Internet Explorer Case Software giant contesting order to pay \$521 million in patent infringement verdict.
3	Blog reading explodes in America About 32 million people in the US read a blog in 2004 but less than half of Americans know what a blog is, says a survey.
2	Update 1: ASEAN Economic Ministers Work on Community Economic ministers from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Friday to liberalize 10 sectors as a first step toward the creation by 2020 of a regional economic community akin to the European Union.
0	Israeli Woman Killed in Attack on Gaza Settlement  GAZA (Reuters) - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a  house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip on Friday,  killing a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister  Ariel Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.
0	Man Pleads Guilty in Passport Case   Soliman S. Biheiri, the only person convicted in a broad probe into whether Islamic charities in Northern Virginia were financing terrorist organizations, pleaded guilty yesterday to illegally possessing and using a U.S. passport to enter the United States last year.
0	More Aftershocks as Japan Aids Quake Victims (Reuters) Reuters - Japan resumed rescue efforts at\first light on Monday as aftershocks rattled the area where the\country's deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 23\people and injured more than 2,000 at the weekend.
3	Thunderbird 1.0 takes on Outlook Express, Eudora The Mozilla Foundation today is set to release Version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client, an open-source application aimed at competitors, including Microsoft's Outlook Express and Qualcomm's Eudora.
1	Real Madrid beat Getafe Michael Owen scored his fourth goal in four games to help Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over newly promoted Getafe at the Bernabeu Stadium on Sunday night.
3	HP and Hitachi offer 300GB disk drives Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Hewlett Packard yesterday announced availability of what they claim are the industry #39;s first storage and server systems offering 300GB Fibre Channel and small computer system interface (SCSI) disk drive capacity.
0	Senate Debate Signals Split on Bills to Create Spy Post The bill, which would establish the post of national intelligence director, has powerful critics in both parties.
1	Sharapova has burning desire to satisfy fans ASIA has fallen in love with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova - and the feeling is mutual. The 17-year-old Russian left for Europe yesterday with two more WTA titles after a successful three-leg swing 
3	IBM appeals Roma ruling BIG BLUE has asked the Swiss High Court to block attempts by the Roma people to sue them for crimes against humanity. The Roma, descendants of those who were processed in Nazi death camps allegedly using IBM #39;s 
1	Wild re-sign D Schultz ----- ST. PAUL, Minnesota (Ticker) - The Minnesota Wild on Tuesday re-signed defenseman Nick Schultz to a new contract. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
2	Blue Chips Drop, Oil Reaches \$49 a Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday and crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel as traders  saw a possible oil loan from U.S. government reserves as too  small to make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane  Ivan.
3	Carphone lifted by buoyant sales Strong sales of new mobile phone models boosts profits at Carphone Warehouse but the retailer's shares fall on concerns at a decline in profits from pre-paid phones.
1	New kids off blocks ATHENS -- The People's Republic of China struck gold twice last night on the track, giving the world a taste of what the country hopes will be a medal bonanza in four years at the Beijing Games.
2	TISCALI ANNOUNCES SELLS OFF SWEDISH SUBSIDIARY FOR 13 MLN (AGI) - Rome, Aug. 30 - Tiscali has reached an agreement to sell off its Swedish subsidiary, Tiscali AB to Spray Network AB, a company controlled by Lycos Europe.
2	Fools Save Half a Billion Congrats, Community! We've scraped together a Buffett-worthy chunk of change.
3	NASA Inspector's Shuttle Checks Questioned (AP) AP - A former NASA inspector has been accused of lying about inspecting crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery before and after the Columbia disaster that killed seven astronauts and grounded the entire orbiter fleet.
1	Keane Pleads Not Guilty to Assault Charges (AP) AP - Manchester United captain Roy Keane pleaded not guilty to all three charges Thursday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy.
0	Israeli Forces End Northern Gaza Raid - Army  GAZA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces ended an  operation in the northern Gaza Strip less then 24 hours after  they raided the area to try to stop cross-border rocket attacks  by Palestinian militants, the army said Monday.
3	Northrop Grumman to co-design Jupiter moons explorer for NASA PASADENA - Northrop Grumman Space Technology has been selected to help NASA design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
1	Suspensions greeted locally with outrage, suspicion Ryan Carrell of Carmel will be at Conseco Fieldhouse Tuesday night for the Pacers #39; game against Boston. He #39;ll have with him a petition he #39;d like Pacers fans to sign before sending it to NBA commissioner David Stern.
1	NFL Game Summary - Washington at Philadelphia Owens didn #39;t catch a pass in the first half, the first time all season he has gone without a reception in any half. His 13 touchdowns tied a club record accomplished three other times, most recently by Mike 
1	Manning Outduels Favre Peyton Manning throws for 393 yards and five first-half touchdowns and Brett Favre racks up 358 yards and four TDs, but the Colts produce a big fumble to secure a 45-31 win.
1	NHL lockout meeting shows unity among reps There would have been plenty to talk about when player representatives met with union leadership yesterday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day.
3	Microsoft enters anti-spyware fray Computer users already associate Microsoft Corp. software with spyware and viruses. But the company hopes to someday be better known for eradicating them, not attracting them.
0	Rebel attacks hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld visits  quot;They know they cannot defeat us militarily. But they are hoping they can win the test of wills. It #39;s a battle of morale.
1	Montana cruises to final Craig Ochs passed for 204 yards and three touchdowns, and Montana forced four turnovers in a 34-13 victory over Sam Houston State in a Division 1-AA semifinal game yesterday in Missoula, Mont.
3	Astronomers discover first Neptune-sized planets outside our solar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A team of astronomers announced last week the discovery of some of the smallest planets yet detected beyond our solar system. The two newly discovered planets represent a new class of extrasolar planets, and 
1	Suns 122, Clippers 111 Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 for their fourth straight victory on Sunday.
0	Black box missing as investigators look into cause of China plane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - Investigators in China are searching for clues as to the cause of a plane crash that killed 54 people, but after more than 24 hours of efforts they have still not located the crucial black box.
2	Lazard I.P.O. Seeks to Raise \$850 Million Lazard, the financial advisory boutique, filed for an initial public offering that is expected to command a valuation of around \$3 billion.
3	iMac, iPod, iConquered (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - For Apple Computer, will 2004 be remembered as a transformative year?
0	White House Shrugs Off N. Korea Comments (AP) AP - The White House said Tuesday that North Korea's Kim Jong Il is engaging in "more bluster" by criticizing President Bush as a leader who is fomenting world unrest.
2	Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless merger approved by FCC Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion buyout of rival AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., approved Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission, is expected to give customers 
3	More  #39;Spaces #39; reaction Since most people using the MSN Spaces service are are just getting their weblogs up and running, it #39;s not easy to tell what a full-fledged blog on the site will look like.
3	Opera Mobile reaches 1 million direct downloads Opera Software has announced that over 1 million copies of its Opera Mobile web browser for Symbian OS have been downloaded from the company #39;s direct download site 
0	Afghan Militants Threaten to Kill Foreign Hostages The kidnappers of three foreign election workers in Afghanistan say they will kill their hostages by Wednesday if a list of demands is not met.
2	Spectrum-FDA OKs Generic Version of Cipro (Reuters) Reuters - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals  said\on Friday U.S. regulators have approved its generic version of\Bayer's   Cipro antibiotic, triggering a  #36;750,000\equity investment by one of its partners.
3	MGM Deal Brings Sony Closer to Its Vision  TOKYO (Reuters) - With its acquisition of Hollywood film  studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Corp is one step closer to its  vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key  battle for the next generation DVD.
0	Iraq Group Shows Tape of Beheading of Three Kurds  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi Islamist group said on Sunday it  killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP),  which cooperates with the Iraqi government, and posted a video  tape on its Web site of the apparent beheadings.
3	Firewall Protection Without the Conflicts . I understand that Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2 for Windows XP, a new update, includes improved firewall protection. I currently use Norton Personal Firewall; will any incompatibility result when both firewalls are installed, and is one ...
2	Affiliated Managers 3Q Profit Edges Up Investment management company Affiliated Managers Group Inc. said Wednesday that third-quarter profit rose 3 percent as expenses and challenges with high-cap funds offset sharp revenue growth.
2	Kodak wins patent lawsuit against Sun A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun. The jury ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman confirmed on Monday.
1	A great eight for Harden, A's Rich Harden pitched seven solid innings, helping the Oakland A's extend their winning streak to eight games with a 7-2 win over the White Sox last night in Chicago.
1	Tennis: Nalbandian to meet Novak in Basel final BASEL, Switzerland : Former champion David Nalbandian of Argentina will bid to claim his second Basel ATP title here on Sunday when he faces Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic for the first time in his career.
3	Axis  amp; Allies Ships World War II is in your hands with the launch of the real-time strategy game from Atari. Atari announced today that Axis  amp; Allies, the WWII-themed real-time strategy game for PC, has shipped to retailers nationwide.
0	Blair urged to act on Bigley Efforts to help save the life of Kenneth Bigley held captive in Iraq, intensified when Irish politicians made an appeal to Bigley #39;s captors.
1	Calif. Wins at Little League World Series (AP) AP - Jordan Brower struck out eight batters and knocked in the winning run to lead Thousand Oaks, Calif., into the United States semifinals with a 3-1 win over Lincoln, R.I., at the Little League World Series on Tuesday.
2	Trump Hotels, Hurt by Debt, Files for Bankruptcy (Update1) Donald Trump #39;s Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection with a plan to cut debt by \$400 million and renovate its properties.
3	Not Tonight, I've Got an Advisory The FDA probably will not approve a patch for women suffering from hypoactive sexual desire disorder, as an advisory board believes more evidence is needed to prove the drug is safe. By Kristen Philipkoski.
2	MCI Posts \$3.4 Billion Loss on Charges Telecommunications firm MCI Inc. on Thursday posted a hefty third-quarter loss, saddled by costs from writing down the value of its network as the reorganized telecom faces intensifying industry competition.
2	Staples posts 39 jump in second-quarter profit FRAMINGHAM, MASS. -- Riding strong sales across its office products portfolio, Staples Inc. yesterday reported a 39-per-cent jump in second-quarter profit that topped Wall Street forecasts. 
0	Group released from siege school Hostage-takers free 32 women and children but are still holding more than 300  people at a school in Russia.
3	Regulator: British Broadband Prices Still Too High (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's broadband access charges are\still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in\line with other nations, the UK's media and telecoms regulator\said Thursday.
3	MS, Apple pitch music at mobile phone makers Opinion Microsoft has begun to try and win over the hearts, minds and hardware of mobile phone vendors in a bid to dominate the emerging market for music downloads on handsets.
0	Telegraph surrounded story with  #39;blizzard #39; of comment The Daily Telegraph applied  quot;spin quot; to its presentation of documents alleging that the ex-Labour MP George Galloway was in the pay of Saddam Hussein and its coverage went beyond mere reporting, a high court judge ruled today.
3	Beyonce's Hair Is Worth Millions (AP) AP - Beyonce reportedly makes up to  #36;4.7 million for just 10 days of work a year  #151; and that's just her hair. But she has to inform L'Oreal of "any radical change to her hair any concert tour may necessitate" and keep it in excellent condition, according to The Smoking Gun Web site, which has posted the contract between the singer and the cosmetic giant.
3	MP3 Sunglasses OAKLEY THUMP is the world #39;s first digital music eyewear. Just high-performance optics forged with an integrated, state-of-the-art digital audio engine.
2	British manufacturing output falls for third successive month (AFP) AFP - Britain's manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
3	Antitrust Ruling Reverberates (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle Corp. was not the only beneficiary of a federal judge's ruling late Thursday that it could proceed with its  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for software rival PeopleSoft Inc. Yesterday, the stock prices of numerous software firms surged during widespread speculation that the antitrust ruling could spark a wave of consolidation in the industry.
1	Time for Big Three The task in front of the St. Louis Cardinals is simple really, simply stated at least. They have to do everything better if they are going to beat the Boston Red Sox.
2	Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in\October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in\Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential\campaign.
2	SEC Sues 3 Former Kmart Execs WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators have filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of suppliers.
0	Saved from the saw, ancient Japanese forests now threatened by tourism (AFP) AFP - A generation ago, a battle was successfully waged on this rugged island to preserve what was left of its primeval forests, home to giant trees millennia old. Now tourism spawned by this natural heritage is threatening its survival.
2	Steps to curb Chinese growth  #39;working #39; China #39;s efforts to slow economic growth by reining in investment in industries such as steel and cement were working, said vice-premier Huang Ju, suggesting further measures, such as an interest rate rise, might be unnecessary.
1	Sven: Beckham stays in charge London - David Beckham will remain as England skipper despite his poor recent form, national coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said on Sunday.
3	Man gets life imprisonment for p0rn Those caught for  #39;serious offenses #39; could now face life imprisonment while less serious cases could result in compulsory surveillance, detainment, taking into custody by the police.
0	Burma's prime minister is ousted BANGKOK, Thailand -- Burma's tough but pragmatic prime minister was removed from power yesterday by his hard-line army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
0	Palestinians request French medical report on Arafat #39;s death Palestinian leaders said Monday they had asked for a full report on Yasser Arafat #39;s death in a Paris hospital last week, challenging French laws under which his widow has maintained a veil of secrecy.
1	Pak #39;s second string seamers restrict Sri Lanka : Rookie bowler Riaz Afridi, grabbed two wickets as Pakistan made Sri Lanka struggle for runs on the first day of the second cricket Test today.
1	Artest gets bum rap from Pacers CLIPPERS 102, PACERS 68---At Indianapolis, Pacers F Ron Artest said yesterday that he asked coach Rick Carlisle for time off because of a busy schedule that included promoting a soon-to 
1	Domenech names experimental midfield for Ireland France #39;s coach Raymond Domenech opted for an experimental midfield on Thursday when he named his side to take on Ireland in a World Cup qualifier this weekend.
3	Toshiba preps HD DVD notebook PC Toshiba will release a notebook PC with an HD DVD drive this time next year, the Japanese company said today, returning fire after an initial salvo from Sony in the battle for the future of blue-laser optical media.
3	Half-Life 2 In Stores Now November 16, 2004 - VU Games sends word that Half-Life 2 is now officially in stores: Why is the first minute of Tuesday, November 16th so newsworthy?
1	Sampanis confirmed positive The IOC executive board met early on Sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve-of-Games dope test.
2	Idaho Hot Potato: Tech Companies A sparsely populated western state best known for potatoes is becoming a magnet for tech entrepreneurs. The slow pace, absence of traffic and low-rise landscape has helped lure 800 tech companies to the state.
1	Angels, A's keep the pace Chone Figgins and Troy Percival saved the Anaheim Angels, and gave them a little boost in the West race.
2	CA accused plead not guilty Two former Computer Associates executives pleaded not guilty last week to charges involving a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
0	Top Tories back Johnson sacking Senior Tories back their leader's decision to sack shadow arts minister Boris Johnson amid allegations about his private life.
1	NCAA Game Summary - Florida International at Connecticut The Huskies set a school record with 19 blocks in the game (Hilton Armstrong had five and Boone had four)...This was the first-ever meeting between these teams...FIU, which shot 28 percent from the field, had a two-game winning streak halted...UConn ended 
2	Ovitz, Eisner Relationship Spotlighted in Disney Suit AccountingWEB.com - Oct-28-2004 - A shareholder suit brought about by outrage over the severance package paid to former President Michael Ovitz is unveiling some deep dissention in the House of Mouse, the Wall Street Journal reported.
2	Monday #39;s Commodities Roundup Crude futures in New York settled 1.4 percent lower Monday, as Iraq #39;s resumption of some oil exports gave cause for mild profit-taking.
1	No. 13 Vanderbilt Routs St. Francis 102-47 Carla Thomas scored 23 points, Ashley Earley 22 and Dee Davis a career-high 21 as No. 13 Vanderbilt opened the season with a 102-47 victory over St.
3	S3 ramps GammaChrome 3D production VIA #39;s graphics chip subsidiary, S3, will see its GammaChrome 3D part appear in retail boards in the Far East in Q4, the company #39;s CFO said today.
3	Another Cool Firefox Search Tool In my Firefox series last week, I overlooked one of the browser's most powerful search functions: An 'always on' find as you type feature.
2	AstraZeneca's Crestor May Harm Kidneys (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty-nine patients who took\AstraZeneca Plc's   anti-cholesterol drug Crestor\have developed kidney damage, a U.S. consumer group said on\Friday as it called again for a ban on the medicine.
3	Is Microsoft's Firewall Secure? Some say Win XP SP2 enhancements cause conflicts, don't protect as claimed.
3	Cops Test Handheld Fingerprint Readers EAGAN, Minn. (AP) -- Several Minnesota police departments are field testing a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally checks it against Minnesota's criminal history and fingerprint database...
3	Screensaver tackles spam websites A screensaver targeting spam-related websites could help drive spammers out of business.
3	Grab a Bigger Mech November 01, 2004 - Microsoft today unveiled the special MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf Limited Edition. Available only in limited quantities, the special edition to the much-anticipated sequel will include two 
1	AL Wrap: Texas Completes Sweep of West-Leading Oakland (Reuters) Reuters - David Dellucci's two-run double in the\bottom of the ninth inning helped the Texas Rangers complete a\three-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics with a 5-4 win in the\American League at Arlington Thursday.
2	Icelandic firm buys fashion chain Icelandic investment group Baugur extends its presence on the UK High Street with the purchase of budget fashion chain Mk One.
3	Space travel a blast, students learn: Astronaut visits local &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When floating through space, and orbiting the Earth, an astronaut witnesses a sunset and sunrise every 45 minutes. Exploring beyond the atmosphere furthers 
2	Ahold, Ex-Execs Settle with Regulators Ahold NV (AHLN.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) , the Dutch grocery operator, and three former top executives have agreed to settle US securities fraud charges related to massive overbooking of profits, the company and US regulators 
0	A380 super-jumbo to cost 1.45 bln euros more than planned: EADS (AFP) AFP - The research and development costs of Airbus's new A380 super-jumbo will be 1.45 billion euros (1.9 billion dollars) more than planned, the co-chairman of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company, Rainer Hertrich, revealed.
0	Australian imprisoned for online scam SYDNEY, Australia -- A Sydney man was imprisoned for more than five years Monday for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global Internet ruse known as the Nigerian scam.
0	Palestinians set date for elections Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.
2	Rocky Shoes' Knockout Punch Rocky Shoes and Boots makes an accretive acquisition -- and gets Dickies and John Deere as part of the deal.
3	Cisco, Microsoft in security showdown "End-to-end" systems seen as next evolution in network defense, but incompatible products could hurt customers.
1	Woolmer, Inzamam in firing line Karachi - Captain Inzamam ul-Haq and coach Bob Woolmer came under fire on Thursday for choosing to bat first on a tricky pitch after Pakistan #39;s humiliating defeat in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
2	How to avoid a scamming planner He said he kept two sets of books, stole from clients for two decades, and hid his activities from regulators. But Bradford C. Bleidt's purported multimillion-dollar scam would never have gotten off the ground if clients of Allocation Plus Asset Management Co. had followed two basic investment rules.
3	Surefire Google Adwords Formula Surefire Google Adwords Formula\\Success with Google Adwords isn't quite as easy as some would have you believe. Still just about anyone who is persistent can succeed if they'll but implement a consistent testing program. Since testing can produce a nearly constant improvement in your click through rate (CTR).\\Heres the surefire ...
3	Fish Levels in Lake Michigan a Concern (AP) AP - On the surface, Lake Michigan is one of the world's biggest and wildest bodies of freshwater and a popular fishing destination.
3	The technology of ups and downs It #39;s a place where ghouls are immortalised in paint. The queue is always long, even when the weather #39;s grim. The Ghost Train is Luna Park #39;s most popular ride.
2	Nikkei Ends Up as Yen Helps Car Firms  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average closed  higher for the first time in three sessions Monday, as a weaker  yen against the dollar helped auto exporters such as Honda  Motor Co. Ltd.
0	South Korean group vows massive strike over labor reform bill (AFP) AFP - A powerful South Korea labor group said it would call hundreds of thousands of its members to strike next week against a government bill aimed at stopping union militancy and securing flexible job markets.
1	Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Exercised 2005 option on C Bengie Molina's contract; declined 2005 option on P Ramon Ortiz's contract; purchased P T.J. Stanton from Winnipeg (Northern). Milwaukee (NL): Purchased C Kelley Gulledge from Fargo-Moorhead (Northern). New York (NL): Declined 2005 option on P Al Leiter's contract. San Francisco (NL): Purchased P Oscar Montero from Winnipeg (Northern). Seattle (AL): Named Jeff ...
1	Garcia Shares Lead in Mallorca Classic (AP) AP - Sergio Garcia shot a 4-under 66 Thursday and shared the lead with Carlos Rodiles in the rain-delayed first round of the Mallorca Classic.
2	Intel Chief Barrett Laments Timing Sucks #39; for His Departure Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Craig Barrett wanted to go out in glory like his old boss, Andy Grove. Instead, he #39;ll retire to slumping sales growth, restless investors and repeated product delays.
0	China executes man who killed his rapists Beijing - China has executed a university dropout for killing six men - four of whom had raped him, state media reported on Sunday.
1	Irish, Southern Cal Renew Storied Rivalry (AP) AP - Matt Leinart became a Notre Dame fan at age 8, when the movie "Rudy" was released.
0	Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - Jeremy Wariner is just 20 years old. He just led a U.S...
0	Bush, Kerry Both Seen Pressed to Curb Drug Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The pharmaceutical industry is\expected to face pressure to curb rising prescription-drug\costs no matter which candidate wins next week's U.S.\presidential election.
0	Australian PM Howard calls general election on October 9 (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard called a general election for October 9 with his conservative government trailing well behind the opposition Labor Party in opinion polls.
3	New Program Lets People Design 3-D Objects Programs for computer-aided design, or CAD, have been around for decades, but eMachineShop.com appears to be the first service that checks whether a design can be made, tells the customer how much it will cost. If the customer wants the item the design goes to a "real world" machine shop for manufacturing.
0	Bad Air and Water, and a Bully Pulpit in China Pan Yue's job as deputy director of China's top environmental agency has given him the opportunity to put environmentalism on the national agenda.
3	In Challenge to EMC, IBM Introduces Smaller Servers With the proclamation that it intends to overtake EMC as the top enterprise storage supplier, IBM announced today the DS6000, a disk storage system slightly bigger than a VCR, and the TotalStorage 
1	Vettori destroys Bangladesh Chittagong - Spin bowler Daniel Vettori claimed 10 wickets to guide New Zealand to the verge of victory on Thursday in the second Test against Bangladesh.
1	Nicky Butt out for next three UEFA Cup games Newcastle midfielder Nicky Butt is ineligible for his club #39;s next three UEFA Cup matches because of a red card picked up in the 2-0 win over Israeli side Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin earlier this month.
0	Playgirl: Olbermann Sexiest Newscaster NEW YORK - The countdown to the No. 1 sexiest male newscaster ends with .....
0	Afghans foil  #39;catastrophic #39; attack on southern city KANDAHAR - Afghan troops foiled an attempt to blow up a fuel truck in the city of Kandahar in what the governor said could have been a  quot;catastrophic quot; attack to disrupt a landmark election.
3	First Gamma Ray Image Summary - (Nov 4, 2004) European astronomers have produced the first image of an object using high energy gamma rays - the most penetrating form of radiation known.
3	PeopleSoft's Craig Conway had hits, losses From a changed attitude at PeopleSoft Inc. to the company's acquisition of J.D. Edwards   Co. last year, Craig Conway clearly made a difference during his five years as CEO.
1	McGrady, Yao set for first NBA exhibition game in China Tracy McGrady is more than willing to trade individual statistics for victories with Yao Ming and the Houston Rockets.  quot;I #39;m really not concerned about that, quot; McGrady said Wednesday.
0	South Korea's chief nuclear negotiator leaves for Japan (AFP) AFP - South Korea's top nuclear negotiator left for Japan to discuss ways to break a deadlock in six-nation talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons programs, officials said.
0	Secret German Cult in Chile Breaks 43-Year Spell  VILLA BAVIERA, Chile (Reuters) - A religious cult of German  immigrants has broken decades of isolation from a world shocked  by sex-abuse scandals in the group, the flight of its secretive  leader and reports it once helped Chile's military government  torture political prisoners.
3	Where's the simplicity in Web services? As the number of Web services specifications proliferates, some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach.
0	Syria to move troops in Lebanon Syrian troops are about to redeployed in Lebanon, three weeks after a UN motion urged their withdrawal.
2	Europe Stocks Start 2005 at 30-Month High (Reuters) Reuters - European shares got off to a sparkling\start of the New Year, rallying to a 30-month high on Monday\after a broad rebound of the dollar lifted exporters such as\car giant DaimlerChrysler.
2	Merck info line swamped over Vioxx recall Hundreds of patients and physicians have contacted a special information line set up by Merck-Israel in the last few days after the international pharmaceutical company voluntarily withdrew Vioxx - one of the world #39;s most popular arthritis and acute 
0	Navy to go on PR 'offensive' to repair battered image of submarine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - They have become the defining images of Canada's fault-filled submarine program.
3	Toshiba Fixes Notebook Flaws Toshiba is launching a global program to replace faulty memory modules in certain models of its notebook computers that have been on sale since as early as April 2002.
2	La-Z-Boy Shares Tumble on Lowered Outlook (AP) AP - Shares of furniture maker and retailer La-Z-Boy Inc. fell nearly 13 percent Thursday after the company lowered its second-quarter outlook on rising raw material costs.
0	Nigeria welcomes talks on oil thefts The government of the southern Nigerian Rivers State yesterday welcomed peace talks between the Abuja authorities and the leader of a separatist movement fighting for the control of the country #39;s oil wealth.
0	Chirac sends foreign minister to Middle East to negotiate on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac said that he would immediately dispatch his foreign minister to the Middle East to help negotiate the release of two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq.
1	Colombia Spellbound With World Series (AP) AP - Colombians are ecstatic that two of their countrymen are in the World Series  #151; a first for a nation better known for drug trafficking and its long-running guerrilla war than baseball players.
0	Israel May End Construction of Barrier (AP) AP - Israel should stop building its West Bank separation barrier if Palestinian militants halt attacks, Israel's president was quoted as saying Thursday, in the most high-profile criticism yet of the contentious project.
3	IBM Announces New Development Platform Many emerging market businesses will soon have access to the IBM Rational software development platform for the first time, through the open source Eclipse development framework.
0	No Sorry from the Queen Queen Elizabeth II stopped short of apologizing for the Allies #39; bombing of Dresden during her first state visit to Germany in 12 years and instead acknowledged  quot;the appalling suffering of war on both sides.
0	Bosnia Mass Grave Yields 182 Bodies, More Expected  KEVLJANI, Bosnia (Reuters) - Forensic experts said Friday  they had found remains of 182 people, believed to have been  wartime prisoners killed by Bosnian Serb forces, in a mass  grave in western Bosnia and that they expected to find more.
2	Big, Beefy Billionaires I always get a kick out of the annual list published by Forbes singling out the richest people in the country. It #39;s almost as amusing as those on the list bickering over their placement.
2	How Pumped Up is Baseball? A growing steroid scandal has entangled the sport's biggest star, and now Washington wants reform
0	US troops advance on Fallujah FALLUJAH: Fierce air strikes hit Fallujah on Friday as US ground troops advanced on the Iraqi rebel bastion on Friday after a night of deadly air assaults.
0	Jones Fails to Win Medal in Long Jump or Relay ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- A botched relay handoff doomed Marion Jones' chances of winning even a single medal at the Athens Olympics, a disastrous ending to her summer of turmoil and disappointment. Hoping to win a pair of golds Friday, Jones was shut out instead. An hour after she finished fifth in the long jump, Jones was unable to make the handoff in the 400-meter relay when Lauryn Williams left too early.
2	Washington Post #39;s Managing Editor to Quit So He Can Write teve Coll, the managing editor of The Washington Post for the last six years and the apparent front-runner to succeed the newspaper #39;s top editor, announced abruptly yesterday that he would 
3	Man Held in England for Stealing Cisco Code By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc...
3	Holiday Forecast: Continued Growth Of Online Sales (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When I ordered Christmas presents last week from L.L. Bean's 295-page holiday catalog, I broke my usual routine and did not call the company's toll-free line. Instead I visited the Web site because I thought it might offer bargains and be as quick as a phone call.
0	Hong Kong bank crushes more than customer #39;s spirits Hong Kong - A Hong Kong bank that trashed 83 safety deposit boxes and their valuable contents apologised on Wednesday for the blunder and offered customers a compensation package worth up to 12.
3	EU Expands Intel Favoritism Investigation  quot;The bad blood and legal wrangling between Intel and AMD goes back a decade, quot; Jonathan Eunice, an analyst with the research firm Illuminata, told the E-Commerce Times.
3	Linux aims to divide and conquer the desktop The  quot;Art of War, quot; the oldest military treatise in the world, tells aspiring generals to divide and conquer. For a certain open source operating system, this may be the approach needed to win the inevitable desktop battle.
0	Palestinian PM Calls For CNN Producer #39;s Release GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia Tuesday said authorities were working hard for the release of a CNN producer and urged the kidnappers to free him.
3	Genesis Crash Adds to NASA Post-Columbia Troubles (Reuters) Reuters - With NASA's broken Genesis capsule\stuck in the Utah desert and its shuttle assembly building\battered by a hurricane at Cape Canaveral, the U.S. space\agency defended its budget and mission on Wednesday.
3	Yahoo Acquires Email Search Developer Stata Labs Yahoo Acquires Email Search Developer Stata Labs\\Yahoo announced on Thursday it has acquired privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, opening up a new email and attachment file search market for Yahoo Search Technology and Overture Search Advertising. Stata Labs is the company behind its flagship software product Bloomba, which ...
0	Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Iraq's highest Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Husseini al-Sistani, agreed to take control of the shrine, which al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia turned into a stronghold and refuge during their fight with U.S...
0	Sri Lanka Tigers take flack over enlisting child soldiers (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's truce with Tiger rebels has brought fear instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said.
1	Yao Ming Returns to China to NBA Exhibition Game National Basketball Association star Yao Ming, from China, received a warm welcome and responded with 13 points, but it was not enough as the Sacramento Kings edged the Houston Rockets 91-89 in a preseason game played in Beijing.
3	Hubble Captures Cat #39;s Eye Nebula Sept. 9, 2004 - Like an onion cut in half, the concentric shells surrounding the Cat #39;s Eye Nebula are visible in the newest image from the Hubble Space Telescope.
0	Kerry Raises  #36;2M for Democrats in N.Y. (AP) AP - John Kerry raised  #36;2 million for Democrats in just a few hours Saturday, making two stops in this understated and elegant vacation destination for the Northeastern well-to-do.
3	A second act for Siebel Systems? Siebel chief Mike Lawrie pledges better customer service, spotlights focus on a la carte software.
2	Witness: Ovitz, Eisner Were Clashing The longtime relationship between Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner and ex-Disney President Michael Ovitz underwent a  quot;slow deterioration quot; beginning in early 1996 that eventually lead to Ovitz #39;s 
3	First snapshot of a distant planet? In what could be a breakthrough in the search for worlds, an international team of astronomers claims to have made an image of a planetlike object beyond our solar system.
3	Intel Cuts Prices in Preparation for New Product Line Intel is moving to reduce its chip inventory and make way for new products by deeply discounting some of its Pentium 4 and Itanium processors.
1	Colts 45, Packers 31 Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw touchdown pass after touchdown pass, moving the ball as if the defenses were little more than speed bumps.
0	Malaysian opponents have no case: Anwar Newly freed former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has pressed his country #39;s highest court to overturn his last criminal conviction, saying his opponents have  quot;no case quot;.
1	Clarke eyeing first win Darren Clarke had his first tournament victory of 2004 in his sights today as he topped the leaderboard after the opening round of the \$6million Tour Championship in Atlanta.
1	 #39;Caution #39; laps Of all places to bring NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Championship, this is the chanciest. Restrictor-plate racing here is more about luck than speed or skill.
2	Danske Bank to Buy Irish Banks for 967 Million Pounds (Update2) Danske Bank A/S, the Nordic region #39;s second-largest lender, agreed to buy two Irish units from National Australia Bank Ltd. for 967 million pounds (\$1.86 billion) to expand outside Scandinavia.
3	Federal Judge Clears Oracle's Bid for Rival Judge ruled that the Justice Department erred in seeking to block Oracle's proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, giving a boost to Oracle's efforts to snare its rival. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Anaheim receives Izturis, Rivera in trade com. Washington-bound Expos general manager Jim Bowden made another bold move to upgrade the club #39;s offense on Friday, acquiring outfielder Jose Guillen from the Angels in exchange for 
3	Building With  EBay, Piece  By Piece (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Peggy Norris was in the final stages of building her West Virginia mountain getaway, still searching for the remaining flourishes to showcase the treasures she has collected in years of traveling the world.
0	Burma #39;s Military Leaders Tell ASEAN Leaders They Will Move Toward &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thailand #39;s Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra says Burma #39;s government intends to carry out democratic reforms, despite a leadership shakeup that strengthened the power of hard-line generals.
0	Just Keep It Peaceful, Protesters; New York Is Offering Discounts In a bid to keep protesters from disrupting the Republican National Convention, the Bloomberg administration is offering "peaceful political activists" discounts.
1	Sauber switch to Michelin tyres Formula One outfit Sauber will switch to Michelin tyres next season after six seasons using Bridgestones. The Swiss team #39;s move means Ferrari are the only top team contracted to Bridgestone although Jordan and Minardi both used them in 2004.
3	Yahoo's legal battle over Nazi items continues The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a District Court judgment on procedural grounds, opening up again the question of whether Yahoo is responsible under French law for information published on its Yahoo.com portal.
0	Sharon and the Disengagement Opposition The past years have been very dreadful for the Israelis, even to the extent that Yitzhak Rabin himself hoped that he would wake up one day and find that the seas have swallowed him.
1	Fifth-Ranked Wisconsin Beats Minnesota  MADISON, Wisconsin (Sports Network) - John Stocco ran for  two touchdowns and threw for another score to lead fifth-ranked  Wisconsin to a 38-14 win over Minnesota in the Big Ten  Conference at Camp Randall Stadium.
0	Israeli nuclear spy seized in church ARMED police commandos stormed a Jerusalem church compound yesterday and arrested Mordechai Vanunu, the nuclear whistle blower, drawing condemnation from the Anglican Church for violating the holy site.
3	Microsoft Distributes XP Security Update SEATTLE Oct 21, 2004 - Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
0	Powell leaves on Asian tour for talks on NKorea, US troops, Taiwan WASHINGTON : US Secretary of State Colin Powell left here for a three-nation tour of north Asia focused on resolving the North Korean nuclear deadlock, China and Taiwan and the presence of US troops in Japan and South Korea.
1	Minnesota Twins Team Report - September 20 (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins will try to lock up their third consecutive AL Central title tonight, when they begin a three-game set against the second-place Chicago White Sox at US Cellular Field.
1	Redknapp  #39;ready to join Saints #39; Redknapp has been linked with a move to replace caretaker manager Steve Wigley two weeks after leaving Southampton #39;s south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
2	Crude oil price surges past \$55 Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
0	Update 3: Japan Revises April-June GDP Data Down Japan #39;s economy grew 0.3 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, less than the 0.4 percent growth rate initially estimated, the government said Friday.
0	Blair weary but not downhearted A disappointed but determined prime minister said last night he had not given up hope of reaching a lasting settlement in Northern Ireland.
2	Wall Street hears static on the radio Analysts #39; roasting began before Stern #39;s departure; can congloms fix medium? By Matthew Flamm Published on October 11, 2004.
2	Pfizer, AstraZeneca Pummel Drug Stocks Another shock hit the drug sector Friday when pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. announced that it found an increased heart risk to patients for its blockbuster arthritis drug Celebrex.
1	Injured Vikings Back to Miss Season Opener (AP) AP - Running back Michael Bennett will miss the Minnesota Vikings' regular season opener Sept. 12 against Dallas with a right knee sprain and could be out longer.
2	What a Week: Greenspan Trips Dollar  quot;Seems like that guy singing this song has been doing it for a long time -- is there anything he knows that he ain #39;t said?
3	British Cities Become Wildlife Safe Havens (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's town and cities have become\key survival safe havens for the country's endangered wildlife,\according to a new survey published on Thursday.
2	MGM has lofty plans for Strip MGM Mirage on Wednesday unveiled its largest building project ever, a multibillion-dollar plan to create a high-rise neighborhood on the Las Vegas Strip that keeps up with the city #39;s growing population and tourist trade.
1	 #39;Probably not my fault #39; Shanghai - World champion Michael Schumacher said it was too early to blame driver error for his spinning out of qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix, leaving him last on the grid for Sunday #39;s race.
3	Pot plants found in Weston home Weston In a city where lush landscaping is the law, a different kind of garden was growing inside a \$500,000 Weston Hills Country Club home, snuggled in the same development where the mayor lives.
0	Police given four more days to question men arrested on suspicion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; POLICE were yesterday granted more time to question four men arrested on suspicion of terrorism following a tip off from a Sunday newspaper.
2	Britain faces pension savings gap, report warns? (updated PM4:26) British workers will have to save more and retire later to make up for a looming gap in pension savings, said the author of an official report being released Tuesday.
1	It #39;s simple: Six outs too much to ask of A #39;s bullpen OAKLAND -- -- The essential difference between the A #39;s and the Anaheim Angels, so narrow yet so pronounced, rang loud and clear Saturday, distilled to a single inning.
0	Cubs Spank Marlins 11-2 to Split Twinbill CHICAGO - Eleven months after winning two straight at Wrigley Field to take the NL pennant, the Florida Marlins returned Friday and split a doubleheader with Chicago. Moises Alou and Aramis Ramirez hit back-to-back homers, and the struggling Cubs routed the Florida Marlins 11-2 Friday to gain the split...
3	Microsoft, Sun claim progress on interoperability deal In a conference call yesterday, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems officials touted the progress they have made in the 10-year alliance they forged in April, but they offered no major announcements.
2	EU Transport Commissioner Lauds Alitalia Restructuring Deal The European Union #39;s transport commissioner has praised the restructuring deal reached between Italy #39;s flagship air carrier, Alitalia, and unions representing cabin crews.
2	Softbank, Dentsu, Nippon Meat to Join Nikkei Average (Update1) Softbank Corp., Dentsu Inc. and Nippon Meat Packers Inc. will be added to the Nikkei 225 Stock Average, according to the provider of the 55-year-old benchmark.
1	Earnhardt Fined for Checkered Language Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised Nascar broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
1	Santos rose from the depths at UNH The story does not begin until the quarterback hits rock bottom. There's a reason Ricky Santos, current big man on the University of New Hampshire campus, one of 16 finalists for the Walter Payton Award (given to the top offensive player in Division 1-AA), record-setting redshirt-freshman wonder, and Atlantic 10 Rookie of the Year does not have his picture in ...
2	Amkor Tech in Talks for Credit Facility Amkor Technology Inc., a provider of semiconductor assembly and test services, said Wednesday that it started talks with a group of institutional lenders regarding a credit facility for a \$300 million term loan.
0	U.S. Official Witnesses Sudan Attack (AP) AP - A U.S. aid chief got a firsthand look at the anger among Darfur's beleaguered population Friday, when residents of a refugee camp beat up a government worker who tried to stop them from complaining to the visiting diplomat.
1	O #39;Malley in touch with Spanish leaders Australian golfer Peter O #39;Malley is two shots off the pace after the first round of the European Tour event in Valderrama, Spain.
0	Bahrain boils in summer power cut Bahrainis swelter in 50-degree temperatures without air conditioning as a fault cuts electricity across the island.
1	Lions Sign Bubin From Jags' Practice Squad (AP) AP - The Detroit Lions signed rookie offensive line Sean Bubin from Jacksonville's practice squad on Friday.
0	Germany probes army abuse claims Germany's defence ministry investigates claims of abuse of soldiers by superior officers at a unit in Bavaria.
1	McLaren aim to spoil Ferrari #39;s party Kimi Raikkonen #39;s well-deserved win in the Belgian Grand Prix has revived hopes of the last few races of the year being genuinely competitive.
1	Meyer a Wanted Man Utah Coach Urban Meyer met with Notre Dame officials about the school's head coaching vacancy Thursday, and he is expected to meet with Florida's AD on Friday.
2	UPDATE: Australia #39;s Westfield Bids For UK #39;s Chelsfield SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--The world #39;s largest owner of shopping malls, Australia #39;s Westfield Group (WDC.AU), bid GBP585 million for Chelsfield PLC (CLF.
1	Myskina is toppled by Chakvetadze NEW YORK, US -- Russian qualifier Anna Chakvetadze shocked lackluster French Open champion Anastasia Myskina by beating her 7-6 6-3 in the second round of the US Open in New York.
1	UPDATE 1-Lewis fires spectacular 62 to take Funai lead JL Lewis produced a dazzling 10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Thursday.
3	Reiko Waves On Ridge Racers November 05, 2004 - She #39;s been the gal whose smile has lit up the lives of PlayStation gamers several times in the past, and Reiko Nagase is going to make the PlayStation Portable sizzle when she makes her long-awaited return with the handheld edition #39;s 
3	Intel Nixes Plans for 4-Gigahertz Pentium (AP) AP - In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corp. canceled plans Thursday to release a 4-gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips.
2	Frances Seen Less Costly Than Feared (Reuters) Reuters - Though high winds and flooding\generated billions of dollars in damage in Florida, Hurricane\Frances is expected to be less costly for insurers than feared,\analysts and industry officials said on Monday.
1	Cropp Not Shaken by MLB #39;s Reaction WASHINGTON - DC Council Chair Linda Cropp isn #39;t shaken by Major League Baseball calling the DC Council #39;s measure requiring 50 percent private financing for a new stadium  quot;wholly unacceptable.
3	Indiana man charged with hacking into former employer #39;s systems AUGUST 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - A Columbus, Ind., man was charged yesterday in federal court with hacking into the systems of his Gloucester, Mass.
2	Yukos still close to bankruptcy, managers warn Russia #39;s Yukos oil company has paid \$2.2-\$2.4 billion (euro1.8-1.97 billion) of its \$3.4 billion (euro2.79 billion) tax bill for 2000, Yukos #39; top finance official said Friday, and he renewed warnings that the embattled company was close to 
3	Studios to sue over online film piracy LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Taking a cue from the recording industry, Hollywood film studios said Thursday they would start suing those who pirate their movies online.
2	Oil Tops \$48 After U.S. Inventories Dive  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped more than a dollar,  climbing above \$48 a barrel Wednesday after U.S. data showed  the disruption caused by Hurricane Ivan had eaten into fuel  stocks.
1	Robinson Reflects on Washington Memories (AP) AP - Frank Robinson is no stranger to Washington D.C., and his memories of the town are both pleasant and forgettable.
2	Troubled KB Toys to close more stores PITTSFIELD, Mass. -- KB Toys Inc., the toy store chain which sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January, announced Tuesday that it will close another 148 to 238 stores.
1	Orioles Release OF Karim Garcia (AP) AP - The Baltimore Orioles released outfielder Karim Garcia after their ninth straight loss Wednesday night, and sent outfielder Darnell McDonald to Triple-A Ottawa.
0	Probe Clears Ashcroft in Lobby Case (AP) AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft did not violate anti-lobbying laws when he gave a series of speeches last year promoting the anti-terror Patriot Act, Justice Department internal investigators have concluded.
2	Toys 'R' Us banks on strategy  With one week left until Christmas, customers can still find some of the season's hottest toys, like Dora's Talking House and Bella Dancerella, a ballet kit, at Toys "R" Us Inc. But it's a different story at rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , whose inventory of many of the popular items has been depleted.
0	High Court Considers Medical Marijuana Case (Reuters) Reuters - Several U.S. Supreme Court justices\expressed reservations on Monday about allowing medical\marijuana for sick patients whose doctors have recommended they\smoke it for pain.
2	Update 3: Paper: Disney CEO to Leave Company in  #39;06 Walt Disney Co. #39;s chief executive Michael Eisner will leave the giant entertainment company in 2006 when his contract expires, a newspaper reported Friday.
1	Benson and Mets Reach Preliminary Deal (AP) AP - Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a  #36;22.5 million, three-year contract.
2	Markets question when Fed will pause on rate hikes (AFP) AFP - With little doubt about the Federal Reserve's plans for a quarter-point rate hike, financial markets were focusing on another question: When will the Fed stop?
3	Virgin Group to launch US online music service (AFP) AFP - Richard Branson's Virgin Group said it was jumping into the increasingly crowded market for online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 cents.
2	US stocks: Dow dips, Nasdaq up in wait for word on rates NEW YORK - The blue-chip Dow average ended slightly lower, while the tech-driven Nasdaq inched higher on Tuesday as investors waited for hints from the Federal Reserve about the pace of interest-rate increases on Wednesday.
1	WC Group 2 Preview: Greece-Kazakhstan Greece host Kazakhstan on Wednesday night in a game that the home-side is looking only for the maximum in order to remain in the fight for the top places of the second group.
2	Risk capital drop raises few alarms Venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended Sept. 30, nationally and in Florida. But industry experts say the drop doesn #39;t necessarily reflect an alarming trend.
3	Quattrone's  Fate Lies in  Firm Hands The former high-flying investment banker is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal securities investigation and attempted witness-tampering.&lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Pak to sell arms to Nepal Pledging cooperation with Nepal in its fight against terrorism, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today said his country would supply arms to the Himalyan kingdom on a credit basis.
3	Sony Debuts PSP To Challenge Nintendo Sony began selling the new PSP Playstation Portable yesterday in Japan. The company says it will ship 500,000 units of the console, which plays music, videos and games by the end of the year.
2	Stocks Gain; Techs Ahead But Volume Thin  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday, helped by  reassuring consumer confidence data and a bounce in technology  stocks, but volume was extremely thin before next week's  Republican convention in New York City.
1	GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, October 17 Beltran set a postseason record by homering for the fifth consecutive game, snapping a seventh-inning tie with a solo shot as the Houston Astros posted a 6-5 triumph over the St.
3	IBM Rolling Out Biggest WebSphere Update in 2 Years  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM late on Tuesday announced the  biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in  two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and  fixing problems.
2	J.P. Morgan Chase Profit Falls 13 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  posted\lower third-quarter earnings on Wednesday, missing analysts'\forecasts, on costs from its  #36;58 billion purchase of Bank One\Corp. and lower bond trading revenue.
1	Marathon Saboteur Priest Accused of Indecency A controversial Irish priest who sabotaged the mens Olympic marathon by leaping on the race leader appeared in court today on indecency charges.
0	The \$5m royal wedding Three weeks of celebrations, a guest list that included princes and world leaders, and a 21-gun salute. Jonathan Este reports on the marriage of the Crown Prince of Brunei.
3	Navy to Award  #36;6.4 Bln Satellite Contract (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Navy will soon announce\whether Lockheed Martin Corp.  or Raytheon Co. \will build a  #36;6.4 billion communications system to beef up\satellite services for U.S. troops, the White House and State\Department, a spokesman said on Tuesday.
0	Burundi inching closer to ending long civil war BUJUMBURA, Burundi  Tiny Burundi has seen more than a decade of war, but events in the past few months suggest that it is closer than ever to wrapping up one of Africa #39;s most persistent civil conflicts. 
0	South Korea boosts North security after fence cut SEOUL: South Korea stepped up security along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea yesterday after a night patrol found a hole cut in the border fence, the South Korean defence ministry said.
3	Nokia and Vodafone link on mobile Java standards Nokia and Vodafone have begun a mobile service architecture initiative to help define the next generation of mobile Java standards.
2	SBC has one-stop message service Residential and small business customers of SBC Communications Inc. in Flint, Ann Arbor and metro Detroit can now access their home and wireless voice mail as well as e-mail accounts 
0	Leading Cuban Dissident Writer Freed Cuba #39;s communist government freed dissident writer Raul Rivero from prison Tuesday, the latest in a series of releases apparently aimed at cleaning up the island #39;s human rights record.
2	Two-For-One Sale Shoppers Venturing into the new supersize Sears Grand concept store in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., off the old Route 66, can be forgiven for double-checking the name on the faade.
1	Australia prosper Indian leg-spinner Anil Kumble rea-ched 400 Test wickets on the first day of the first Test against Australia on Wednesday, though the mi-lestone failed to stop Simon Ka-tich and debutant Michael Clarke hitting fighting half-centuries.
0	Iraqis killed, oil fields struck in latest attacks BAGHDAD, IRAQ - Iraqi insurgents destroyed a northern oil export pipeline Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the nation #39;s crippled economy, and Iraqi officials said two car bombs and gunbattles across the country left at least 12 Iraqis dead.
1	Barnstable dominates Chelmsford in deciding game New year, same result. In a rematch of last year's Division 1 state championship, the Barnstable girls' volleyball team again upended Chelmsford in a 2-1 victory yesterday at Barnstable High School.
1	Football: Shevchenko named Footballer of the Year The poll conducted by European football journalists from 52 countries organised by France Football magazine, voted for the 28-year-old Ukrainian for his outstanding scoring record for Milan since he joined the Italian side in 1999.
3	Sony, Partners Offer Glimpse Of  #39;Cell #39; Chip IBM, Sony Corp., Sony Computer Entertainment and Toshiba Corp. said Monday that the companies had  quot;powered on quot; the first workstation designed around the collaboratively designed  quot;Cell quot; processor, which will begin pilot production next year.
3	Private Spaceflight Closer to Reality Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the 
2	Wallstreet update - stocks Stocks climb again as oil prices slip all Street extended its fourth-quarter rally into a second day yesterday, supported by falling oil prices and a bullish assessment of the economy from a Federal Reserve official.
3	Novell Consolidates Business Units Novell is consolidating operations in an effort to remove overlap between its four business units. The Waltham, Mass.-based software vendor is folding its Nterprise and SuSE Linux operations into a single 
0	Hospitalized Reservist's AWOL Case to Proceed  An Army  reservist who checked himself into a civilian psychiatric hospital after being turned away from a military clinic should be court-martialed for being absent without leave, according to an Army report.
0	Blair Aims to Get Bush to Focus on Peace British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.
1	Woods Drops Out of 84 Lumber Classic After much fanfare last week over Tiger Woods's decision to play at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort in Pennsylvania, his agent said he was worn out from the Ryder Cup.
0	U.N. Envoy: Darfur Sliding Toward Anarchy (AP) AP - A U.N. draft resolution on Friday urged warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do.
3	Game publisher Acclaim on verge of bankruptcy? Insiders says the company will file for Chapter 7 protection after laying off hundreds.
3	Video Game Report Card Helps Parents Goal is to assist moms and dads in buying family-friendly entertainment for their kids. Video games are a popular item on the Christmas wish lists of kids, which 
3	Is XP's Fix Safe? (PC World) PC World - Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are\  putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.
0	EU Official Now Denies Hamas Contact (AP) AP - The European Union's foreign policy chief denied Thursday that he recently met with the Palestinian militant group Hamas, which the EU has blacklisted as a terrorist organization.
1	Report: Mariners sign 3B Beltre to five-year deal It apparently didn #39;t take long for the Seattle Mariners to land a second free agent power-hitting corner infielder. According to a report, the Mariners have agreed to terms with third baseman Adrian Beltre on a five-year contract worth \$65 million.
3	Meteorites Supplied Earth Life with Phosphorus University of Arizona -- University of Arizona scientists have discovered that meteorites, particularly iron meteorites, may have been critical to the evolution of life on Earth.     Their research shows that meteorites easily could have provided more phosphorus than naturally occurs on Earth -- enough phosphorus to give rise to biomolecules which eventually assembled into living, replicating organisms...
3	Nokia Launches Software Distribution Platform  quot;With Preminet, we now provide a single source for operators to acquire a comprehensive range of industry certified content, quot; said Lee Epting, a Nokia VP.
3	Mobile Carriers Move to Put Their Names on More Phones United States cellphone operators are flirting with selling handsets that feature their names exclusively.
2	Growth in U.S., European Service Sectors Slows The service sectors in the United States, Europe and Britain all posted the slowest growth in more than a year in September, surveys of purchasing managers showed Tuesday, suggesting global growth may be cooling.
3	Briefly: Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat roundup Plus: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses...Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million.
1	Ajax sign Argentine Olympic winger Rosales Ajax Amsterdam have signed Argentina forward Mauro Rosales for four years from Newell #39;s Old Boys, the Dutch champions said on Monday.
1	Borgetti scores four as Mexico routs St. Vincent 7-0 in qualifying Jared Borgetti scored four goals and Jaime Lozano added two more Wednesday as Mexico dominated St. Vincent and the Grenadines 7-0 in the semifinal round of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying.
0	US knew of 2002 plot on Chavez, papers show WASHINGTON -- The US government knew of an imminent plot to oust Venezuela's leftist president, Hugo Chavez, in the weeks before a 2002 military coup that briefly unseated him, newly released CIA documents show, despite White House claims to the contrary a week after the putsch.
2	Airport workers strike BA pay deal More than 10,000 British Airways staff will be balloted by their unions this week over a last-ditch pay deal that has lifted the threat of bank holiday travel chaos at Heathrow.
0	Chile Issues Report on Pinochet Torture Chile took a key step Wednesday toward confronting the grim legacy of abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, completing a lengthy report on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from some 35,000 victims.
1	Anderson going back to the Titans Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - The Tennessee Titans, who lost kicker Joe Nedney for the season due to a hamstring injury, have announced that they will bring Gary Anderson out of retirement for the second time.
2	Shell coy on bosses #39; performance-related pay OIL giant Royal Dutch Shell, to be formed from the merger of Netherlands-based Royal Dutch and London-based Shell Transport  amp; Trading, is understood to be considering sharply-increased performance-related bonus packages for leading directors such as new 
2	GE earnings increase, per-share price falls General Electric today reported third-quarter earnings of \$4.051 billion, an increase of 1 percent from the same quarter last year.
3	Intel Cancels Projection TV Chip Project (AP) AP - In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
2	SEC Looking Into Broker Trade Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is investigating about a dozen brokerage firms that  may have failed to obtain the best price for stocks traded for  customers, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
0	Sadr fighters disarm, again The rebel cleric #39;s followers began handing in weapons Monday, but some are bent on continuing to fight American forces in Baghdad.
3	Technology Challenges Sprint-Nextel Merger (AP) AP - The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
2	Texas Instruments Trims Revenue Estimates Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of chips for cell phones, trimmed its third-quarter revenue outlook on Wednesday as customers 
2	MARKET PLACE DreamWorks Animation Raises \$812 Million RIDING the success of back-to-back animated hits, the entertainment company DreamWorks priced shares for its animation unit above the anticipated level, raising \$812 million in an initial public offering yesterday.
2	SingTel to launch 3G service SINGAPORE Telecommunications (SingTel) said it will commercially launch its high-speed third generation (3G) mobile service within months, putting it at the forefront of Southeast Asian telecoms firms looking to roll out the technology.
0	55 killed in China plane crash: World News: Hohhot (China), Nov 21 : A total of 55 people, including two men on the ground, were killed when a commuter plane crashed into a frozen lake in China soon after take-off in Inner Mongolia Sunday, Xinhua reports.
1	Dutch: Top teams earn easy victories Mauro Rosales scored two goals as Ajax Amsterdam moved into fourth place in the Dutch First Division soccer league with a 3-1 win over Willem II Tilburg on Sunday.
3	Google introduces wireless service Google today launched a beta test version of Google SMS, this new service will allow US wireless users to query Google for almost any type of information.
1	Williams to start Game 1 of playoffs Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener.
2	Uncertainty still reigns at Delta ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative deal on pilot concessions and much-needed breathing room, but uncertainty about the carrier #39;s debt restructuring remains.
3	MPAA asks Supreme Court to crush P2Pers The Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA), along with its audio alternative, the Recording Industry Ass. of America (RIAA) are appealing against their failed appeal in a bid to make P2P software suppliers accountable for the actions of their users.
1	Center will earn \$500 per week with Alaska Aces ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez signed a contract Monday with the minor-league Alaska Aces to play for \$500 a week until the NHL lockout ends, a spokesman for the Anchorage team said.
0	Blair Hopeful of Iran, N. Korean Compliance  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said  on Wednesday the international community was closer than ever  to making North Korea and Iran accept its demands to halt  nuclear programs.
2	Dollar Indecisive Ahead of U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar erased earlier losses to  stand steady near recent three-week highs against the euro on  Friday as investors became reluctant to take big bets ahead of  U.S. data and a speech by Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan.
2	Miner shares the wealth BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, will buy back as much as A\$1.5 billion (\$1.6 billion) of its Australian stock as part of a plan to return profit from soaring commodity prices to investors.
3	Allchin explains Longhorn's haircut A clear roadmap for Longhorn was more important than inclusion of an advanced file system, Jim Allchin tells CNET News.com.\
0	Fox Disagrees With FCC Indecency Finding WASHINGTON - Fox Broadcasting Co. disagrees with a finding by federal regulators that an episode of "Married by America" was indecent, but isn't saying whether it will appeal a nearly \$1.2 million fine...
3	Health Highlights: Sept. 13, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       Hearings Begin on Antidepressant Use in Children      Two U.S. Food and Drug Administration advisory panels opened hearings Monday on the controversial issue of prescribing antidepressants for children...
2	Stocks End Near Flat Ahead of Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended little changed on  Thursday, as investors were cautious about making large bets  before Friday's jobs report and energy stocks limited advances  as oil continued its slide.
1	Astros-Braves Game 2 preview The Houston Astros refuse to live in the past, especially with their immediate future looking so bright. Roy Oswalt, the National League #39;s only 20-game winner, will try to give Houston a commanding lead in 
2	Treasuries Sag on Signs of Resilience  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday  after a survey of regional U.S. manufacturing showed a sharp  recovery in early September, countering signs of softness  elsewhere in the economy.
1	Spaniard fends off compatriot Perez MADRID, Spain -- Roberto Heras became only the second rider to claim three Tour of Spain titles when he held off a charging Santiago Perez in the final stage Sunday.
2	CSFB, Winterthur in focus in Credit Suisse overhaul Credit Suisse (CSGN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) is set for a dramatic overhaul when Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel unveils a long-awaited plan next week to beat 
1	Dolphins #39; Feeley gets starting nod Feeley played well enough coming off the bench in the Dolphins #39; season-opening loss to earn a start this week at Cincinnati, coach Dave Wannstedt said Sunday.
1	USOC sends International Gymnastics Greetings Thursday night, the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) received a letter from Mr. Bruno Grandi, President of the Federation Internationale De Gymnastique (FIG).
0	EU gets tough on fusion reactor European research ministers state their intention to go it alone on a multi-billion euro nuclear project if arguments with international partners are not resolved soon.
2	Institutions split over PeopleSoft battle Two of the largest institutional holders of PeopleSoft shares are taking opposite positions on Oracle #39;s latest takeover bid, indicating that the battle for control of the company is still far from over.
0	Renewed battles erupt in Najaf Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf #39;s Old City on Sunday in a fierce battle between US forces and Shiite militants, as negotiations dragged on for the handover 
1	Arizona's Johnson Becomes All-Time Lefty Strikeout King  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Randy Johnson became the  all-time major league strikeout leader among left-handed  pitchers on a night he led the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3-2  win over the Colorado Rockies in the third of a four- game set  at Bank One Ballpark.
1	Europe revel in Ryder glory Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer led the praise for his  quot;tremendous quot; Europe team after their crushing 18-9 defeat of the USA at Oakland Hills.
0	Frances Strikes, Knocks Out Power to 4M STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances weakened but still pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people, shredding roofs and uprooting trees...
3	Nintendo unveils titles for DS portable gaming system Super Mario, Madden football and Tiger Woods golf highlight the opening array of games for the Nintendo DS portable gaming system, scheduled for launch on Nov. 21.
1	Serie A Round 10: Best Eleven Of The Week Here goes the Goal.com Serie A team of the week for the 10th round of matches. Toldo- Celebrated his return in the Inter starting line-up with a very impressive match.
3	Ivan May Just Be a Messenger The recent run of hurricanes hitting the Atlantic Ocean has been helped by warmer waters, which some scientists attribute to global warming. That means get ready for more storms. By Stephen Leahy.
1	Soccer: Frei winner plunges Marseille into more gloom PARIS : Swiss striker Alexander Frei returned to haunt Marseille on when he scored the winner in Rennes #39; 1-0 win which sent the French giants tumbling into midtable and their fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet.
0	Volatile Oil Prices Hold Stocks in Check NEW YORK - Stocks regained some momentum Thursday as fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control, but volatile oil prices gave investors some pause late in the session.    Analysts are closely watching stocks for signs that the market will stabilize in the second half of the year, but choppy trading has made it difficult to build confidence among investors, particularly given recent fluctuations in oil prices...
2	House approves corporate tax cuts The US House has approved a \$136 billion corporate tax cut package, but the measure faces hurdles to passage in the Senate. The overall bill is aimed at repealing a corporate 
2	Spike in oil prices will impact on US economy: Fed official A senior US Federal Reserve official said Thursday the recent spike in oil prices would almost certainly impact on the US economy, although it may not be as significant as the shocks of the 1970s and 1980s.
0	Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35 A series of bomb blasts killed nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
3	'Madden NFL' called for unnecessary roughness Fans of EA's hit football game protest a scrimmage-line glitch.
2	EU Nations Cling to Biotech Bans on Monsanto, Syngenta, Bayer Monsanto Co., Syngenta AG and Bayer AG failed to win wider access to the European Union #39;s biotechnology market when a demand that five nations lift bans on some gene-modified foods allowed elsewhere in the EU was blocked.
2	Before-the-Bell: Intel Shares Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Intel Corp.  fell\more than 7 percent before the opening bell on Friday, a day\after the technology bellwether slashed its quarterly sales\outlook.
1	Singh attends THE PLAYERS charity luncheon Vijay Singh didnt have his golf clubs. He wasnt inside the ropes where hes gotten so comfortable this year, either. As Singh looked out at the gathering of 
0	Acer's 3Q Net Profit Plummets 63 Percent (AP) AP - Acer Inc., the world's fifth-largest computer company, said Friday its third-quarter net profit fell 63 percent from the same period last year in part because of investment losses from affiliates.
1	Seattle #39;s Fortson suspended over foul Seattle forward Danny Fortson was suspended for one game without pay after a foul in Friday #39;s game against Toronto was upgraded to a flagrant.
0	Blair has surgery to fix heartbeat, resting at home British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.
0	Militant Chechen Rebel Leader to Go on Trial for Masterminding &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov says his group is planning to try the mastermind of the hostage siege in southern Russia that left more than 330 people, more than half of them children, dead.
1	Kidnapped mother of wonderkid Robinho released The mother of Brazilian football prodigy Robinho has been released following her kidnapping on November 6. Marina De Souzas release will now enable Robinho to play for Santos in a title-decider this weekend in the Brazilian championship.
3	California Condor Chick Dies Near Nest (AP) AP - A California condor chick that was part of an ambitious breeding program was found dead near its nest, the week after another was discovered with a broken wing and 35 bottle caps in its gullet.
0	Saboteurs Hit Iraq Internal Oil Pipeline  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs blew up an internal oil  pipeline on the edge of Baghdad Monday, the latest in a series  of attacks on the country's internal and export pipeline  network, witnesses said.
2	Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed  Sunday to guarantee world crude supplies and said it would hold  1.5-2.0 million barrels per day of spare production in reserve.
2	Cuba rules out US change of policy towards it The Cuban government does not believe there will be changes in Washington #39;s policy against the island country, regardless whoever wins the presidential election in the United States next week, local press said Saturday.
3	Compuware looks to cut risks in apps deployment Compuware this week is upgrading its Vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
2	TCL Communication makes satisfactory debut in HKEX TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited (TCL Communication), one of the leading mobile handset manufacturers in the Chinese mainland made its debut on HKEX (Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearings Limited) Monday.
1	Kezman vows to hit the goal trail Mateja Kezman believes he can go on a goalscoring spree after finally opening his account for Chelsea. The former PSV Eindhoven striker scored the matchwinner in the 57th minute to give Chelsea victory over 
3	World Community Grid IBM has launched a network to harness the power of idle computers around the world. It #39;s trying to create one massive PC to help out in scientific research in what could become the world #39;s largest public computing grid.
3	China's Lenovo to buy IBM's PC business China's Lenovo Group Ltd. has agreed to acquire IBM's personal computing division for \$1.25 billion in cash and equity, a move expected to transform it into the world's No. 3 PC maker.
0	No direct vote in Hong Kong, China tells legislators BEIJING -- China warned Hong Kong legislators yesterday to forget the idea of holding a referendum on whether residents should be able to directly elect their leaders.
0	Heat may have killed Briton found dead in Australian outback: police (AFP) AFP - A British tourist found dead in the Australian outback near its famed Ayers Rock may have died of heat exhaustion and exposure, police said.
0	Ireland issues passport to Bigley Ireland has issued a passport to British hostage Kenneth Bigley in the hopes it will help secure his release in Iraq.  quot;Mr. Kenneth Bigley #39;s family has asked for an Irish passport to 
1	Two ex-Yankees to get partial probation in bullpen brawl BOSTON Ex-Yankees Jeff Nelson and Karim Garcia will have assault charges against them dropped from the bullpen brawl in last year #39;s American League Championship Series.
3	Cisco boosts Q1 net income, revenue Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.
2	US weekly jobless claims rise 2,000 to 333,000 WASHINGTON : The queue of newly jobless Americans lengthened a little last week, government figures showed. The number of people lodging new unemployment benefit claims rose 2,000 to a seasonally adjusted 
0	Karzai elected Afghan president The incumbent Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has emerged as the winner of Afghanistan #39;s first-ever presidential election marred by irregularities, head of the joint UN-Afghan election commission announced here Wednesday.
3	Nokia pulls out, Sony Ericsson goes in STRANGE. THE DAY after Sony Ericsson announces it has done a deal with the Financial Times (FT) to offer content via its portal, Nokia says it is reigning back its own portal, Club Nokia.
3	RealNetworks Tries to Core Apple RealNetworks launched round two in its heavyweight digital music match against Apple Computer, slashing the cost of its music downloads to take business away from Apple's iTunes download service. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	Conoco Wins \$2 Bln Russian LUKOIL Stake  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was  seeking 20 percent of Russia's LUKOIL in a far-reaching  alliance that opens the way for the oil majors to tap vast  reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
0	Australian drug smugglers go on trial Two Australians who attempted to import \$200 million worth of the drug ecstasy will go on trial in Sydney #39;s Central Criminal Court Monday.
2	Last call for Jack Daniel #39;s? Brown-Forman #39;s whiskey sales are strong but Wall Street sees cracks in the company #39;s china sales. By Parija Bhatnagar, CNN/Money staff writer.
1	Singh Wins Canadian Open After Play-Off  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Vijay Singh teed off his  reign as the new world number one in victorious style when he  won the Canadian Open on its 100th anniversary on Sunday at the  third extra hole of a play-off with home hope Mike Weir.
0	Earthquake of Magnitude 6.8 Jolts Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  6.8 jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas on Saturday, but there  were no immediate reports of damage or injuries and no tsunami  warning was issued.
0	Production Resumes at GM Plant in Germany (AP) AP - Production resumed Monday at a General Motors plant in Ruesselsheim that was idled by a lack of parts after workers at another factory staged a six-day walkout protesting threatened job cuts.
3	Linux Camp Takes New Tack on Kernel (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - With a common goal of providing a more constant, smoother and faster development cycle, new technologies are being put directly into Linux kernel 2.6.x.
2	Jaguar to Cut Output Amid Slack Demand  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - British carmaker Jaguar will cut  production by some 15,000 units over the rest of 2004 amid  slack demand, a Jaguar spokesman said on Friday.
2	AFA-CWA Wins Review of Bankruptcy Judge Decision The federal judge overseeing US Airways #39; bankruptcy petition is reconsidering his decision to allow the airline to cut wages for flight attendants by 21 percent for four months.
0	Pakistan holds over 50 militants after bombings Dozens of members of outlawed Islamic militant groups have been detained in central Pakistan as part of investigations into two deadly attacks on religious congregations this month, police said on Saturday.
1	Three sent off before Earnshaw saves Wales The hopes of either Wales or Northern Ireland enjoying a German excursion in the summer of 2006 were dealt another blow on an extraordinary night in the Millennium Stadium.
1	Paper: Ex-Steeler Likely Had Breakdown (AP) AP - Former Pittsburgh Steelers lineman Justin Strzelczyk probably suffered a mental breakdown before he led New York state troopers on a highway chase that ended in the fiery head-on crash that killed him, according to a newspaper.
1	Federer rolls on in a class of his own While there cannot be the slightest doubt that the decision to stage the end-of-season Masters Cup at a modest outdoor arena in Texas for the past two years was a huge mistake, the incandescent play of Switzerland #39;s Roger Federer has preserved the 
3	My Blog as a Time Machine \\I'm starting to realize that my blog is a bit of a time machine.  For example I\can create a blog entry to warn myself about something that WILL happen in the\future.  \\My current NTP  blog entry is a good example.  I wrote this for myself as\much as for the people who read my blog (or find me via Google).\\I know for sure that NTP on Debian is going to bite me sometime in the future\and I'm going to forget WHY.  Then I'm going to (of course) go to Google or my\aggregator and search for NTP and then find my blog post.  \\I've done this about a dozen times now and its saved me a TON of time!\\
1	Busch wins, shares lead with Earnhardt Jr. Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Kurt Busch led the most laps (155) and captured the Sylvania 300 Nextel Cup race at the New Hampshire International Speedway.
3	Brits roll out jam-busting airtaxi Despite the hype, we #39;ve been waiting fifty years for visionaries to come good on their promise of the freedom of the skies for the average Joe.
0	50 dead as trains collide in India MANSAR, Dec 14: Two trains collided head-on in northern India on Tuesday, killing 50 people and injuring around 150, Punjab #39;s chief minister said, as rescue workers scrambled to free trapped passengers.
2	Pennsylvania Turnpike Won #39;t Waive Tolls Pennsylvania Turnpike officials have decided not to waive tolls on Sunday as a way to cope with a strike that has continued over the holiday weekend.
2	Delta to slash up to 7,000 jobs Delta Air Lines unveiled changes yesterday that will remake its business, but officials warned that soaring costs still could land the nation #39;s third-largest carrier carrier in bankruptcy court.
1	Energised Henman downs Dupuis Basel - Two-time Swiss Indoors champion Tim Henman bounced back from his disappointing Madrid Masters performance last week to ease through his first round match at the ATP event here on Wednesday, overwhelming Frenchman Antony Dupuis 6-3, 6-4.
2	UPDATE 2-Marsh  amp; McLennan to cut 3,000 jobs as profit sinks Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , at the center of a bid-rigging scandal rocking the insurance industry, on Tuesday said it will cut 3,000 jobs and said 
2	Marsh #39;s Dismissal of Egan Was  #39;Unexpected #39; Prudential Equity Group said yesterday #39;s dismissal of Roger Egan was a surprise because Marsh  amp; McLennan (nyse: MMC - news - people ) had previously indicated in October that Egan would remain in his position.
2	Hundreds Report Watch-List Trials For more than a year and a half, Rep. John Lewis has endured lengthy delays at the ticket counter, intense questioning by airline employees and suspicious glances by fellow passengers.
3	Microsoft removes key feature from Longhorn Microsoft has decided to remove a key feature of its next major Windows operating system, codenamed Longhorn, in order to keep its 2006 shipping deadline intact.
1	HEARTBREAK FOR AMERICAN DUO The eighth-seeded American fell to sixth-seeded Elena Dementieva of Russia, 0-6 6-2 7-6 (7-5), on Friday - despite being up a break on four occasions in the third set.
2	Consumer relief as oil prices fall Heating bills will still be higher this winter, but costs appear to have peaked last month. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
2	Former Viacom president Karmazin returns to radio roots with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK_Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. is bringing in another big gun from the media world, tapping Mel Karmazin, the former president of media giant Viacom Inc.
0	Russia backs Kyoto treaty MOSCOW - The Russian government has approved the bill On the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
0	Nicaragua, Taiwan open trade talks (AFP) AFP - Nicaragua and Taiwan opened talks aimed at drafting a free-trade deal by the end of 2005, officials said.
3	Microsoft Changes Sender ID, AOL Back On Board Microsoft also narrowed its patent applications for the underlying technology in an effort to appease open-source critics. By TechWeb.
1	Ecclestone backs Cape Town Formula One bid Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone has thrown his weight behind a South African bid to join the Formula One grand prix racing circuit.
1	NFL: Everything goes wrong for Panthers CHARLOTTE, NC - Everything went right for the Carolina Panthers last season, from lucky bounces to staying injury free. One game into the new season, all that has changed.
2	Yukos plummets on low sale report Yukos shares have plummeted nearly 10 percent in early trade Friday on Moscow #39;s ruble-denominated MICEX exchange. That came after an unconfirmed report that the embattled oil giant #39;s 
0	UN heads towards 60th year with big plans, big problems UNITED NATIONS, (AFP) - The United Nations turns 60 in 2005 after a bruising year that has seen the organisation battered and demoralised by a string of scandals that have damaged the UN #39;s image.
1	Deportivo upset by battling Osasuna MADRID: Deportivo Coruna slumped to a surprise 3-1 home defeat by Osasuna last night after the visitors fought back from a goal down and a sending-off to claim their first Primera Liga win of the season.
1	Mauresmo #39;s playing better than Serena With No. 1 Lindsay Davenport missing out on qualifying for the semifinals, the No. 1 ranking is in Amelie Mauresmo #39;s reach. Today, we #39;ll test how much she #39;s feeling the pressure of going for No.
0	Iraq #39;s top Shiite clerics meet in Najaf, academic shot dead in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAJAF, Iraq : Iraq #39;s top Shiite Muslim clerics, back in control of Najaf #39;s Imam Ali shrine after a four-month militia occupation, met amid the ruins of the city as life spluttered back to normality.
1	Auburn Ranked Fourth in BCS Standings AUBURN - Auburn is ranked fourth in the first Bowl Championship Series (BCS) Standings released today. Southern California is the top-ranked team followed by Miami, Oklahoma and Auburn.
2	Judge Delays Criminal Trial For Former Enron Executives A federal judge in Houston Wednesday agreed to postpone for five months the criminal trial of several former executives in Enron Corp.'s Internet division, just one day after a leader of the unit pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
1	Eagles Defensive End Kalu Out for Year (AP) AP - Defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday's practice.
2	Wal-Mart Says October US Sales Rise 2.8, Within Its Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated that October sales at US stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent, at the lower end of its forecast range, as shoppers bought more bedding and boys #39; and girls #39; wear.
0	China braces for Typhoon Aere after seven feared dead in Taiwan, Japan (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Aere pounded northern Taiwan with heavy rain and powerful winds triggering landslides and causing widespread disruption to transport, and leaving at least seven people feared dead.
2	Japan Tobacco #39;s Canadian Unit Files for Bankruptcy Protection Japan Tobacco Inc. #39;s Canadian unit, JTI-Macdonald, filed for bankruptcy protection after the Quebec government sued it for C\$1.
3	Wash. State Team's Private Rocket Explodes (AP) AP - A team taking a low-budget stab at the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize for private manned spaceflight suffered a setback Sunday, when their rocket malfunctioned and exploded after shooting less than 1,000 feet in the air.
1	Phillies overcome 4-run deficit in win NEW YORK - David Bell #39;s second home run of the game broke a 13th-inning tie, and the Philadelphia Phillies overcame a four-run deficit Saturday in an 11-9 win over the New York Mets.
0	Australia to Spend A\$591 Million Increasing Embassy Security Australia #39;s government will spend A\$591 million (\$455 million) to upgrade security at its overseas missions and embassies over the next five years, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
0	Zarqawi Group Beheads U.S. Hostage Armstrong  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq led by al  Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi beheaded American Eugene  Armstrong and posted a video of the killing on the Internet on  Monday.
0	Sex spam clogs summer in-boxes Summer is traditionally associated with romance and spammers are trying to cash in by bombarding inboxes with porn.
3	Whatever Happened to SGI? What high-powered, high-design, graphics-oriented, Unix-based computers are beloved by their fanatical users? Clue: It's not what you think. By Jason Walsh.
0	Powell hails tsunami relief bid US Secretary of State Colin Powell pledges America's full support for the tsunami aid effort, as he visits Thailand.
1	Gunners ease past Rosenborg Arsene Wenger stopped short of declaring Arsenal back to their best but the Gunners boss does believe his side are on the road to recovery ahead of Sunday #39;s Premiership summit meeting with Chelsea.
2	Stocks Set to Open Up; Grey in Spotlight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on  Monday, with advertising group Grey Global &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GREY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GREY.O&lt;/A&gt; in the  spotlight after a UK rival agreed to a \$1.31 billion deal to  buy the company, while investors will be eyeing higher oil  prices and awaiting economic releases later in the week.
3	Advertising watchdog reprimands Microsoft over  #39;facts #39; Microsoft recently launched a  #39;Get the Facts #39; ad campaign telling consumers Linux isn #39;t cheaper than Windows. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) thinks they should get the facts too -- but it #39;s warned Microsoft to make sure its are straight first.
0	Violent end to life of crime for India #39;s most wanted bandit NEW DELHI : India #39;s most wanted criminal, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, has been shot dead after driving into a police trap. Veerapan, who has been accused of more than 100 
3	Hire a hacker? com September 22, 2004, 12:17 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
2	Networking, Security Integration Reaches  #39;TippingPoint #39; The trend of merging network and security technologies continued today as 3Com (Quote, Chart) bought TippingPoint Technologies (Quote, Chart) for approximately \$430 million, the companies said.
2	Richemont Keeps European Shares Higher  PARIS (Reuters) - Solid sales at Richemont helped European  shares stay in positive territory at midday on Thursday but  higher oil prices capped buying, amid worries that Hurricane  Ivan could damage oil facilities in the crude-rich Gulf of  Mexico.
2	PeopleSoft nearly positive towards Oracle bid PeopleSoft said it could accept a takeover bid from Oracle and now needs time to weigh on it. Oracle has been haunting PeopleSoft for 15 months with the possible bid of \$7.
2	Reynolds Reports 1st Earnings Since Merger Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, on Monday 
2	Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their\lowest level since late March, an industry group said on\Wednesday.
1	Give thanks for chance to watch Manning If you are a football fan, and you are watching the Colts play the traditional Thanksgiving game at Detroit today, pay close attention to quarterback Peyton Manning.
2	Chain Store Sales Slipped Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales slipped\during the Thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took\advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on\Tuesday.
2	Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) co-founder Philip Knight, who helped transform a small start-up into the world #39;s biggest athletic shoe company, will step 
0	Sudan lashes out at Darfur rebels over charges of summit 'bias' (AFP) AFP - Sudan has lashed out at Darfur rebels for suggesting an African summit on the Darfur conflict was biased in Khartoum's favor and denied it was convened to preempt a UN Security Council meeting on the troubled region.
1	Irish will seek to break 6-bowl skid in Phoenix Notre Dame accepted an invitation Sunday to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix against a Pac-10 team on Dec. 28. The Irish (6-5) accepted the bid a day after losing to Southern California 
0	PM: Do not associate Malaysia with car-bombing in Jakarta PENANG: Malaysia has nothing to do with the car-bombing incident in Jakarta that killed nine people and injured 173 others, Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said.
0	Florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots (AFP) AFP - Authorities in Florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
0	Leader of Haitian Senate arrested PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide yesterday, sending people scattering through the trash-strewn streets following days of political clashes that have left at least 14 dead.
3	Virtual veins give nurses a hand \A virtual reality hand, complete with vital veins, that "feels" could help trainee nurses practice their jabs.
0	U.S. Planes Strike Falluja, Zarqawi Arrest Denied  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes struck suspected rebel  targets in the western city of Falluja late on Saturday,  killing three people, but officials denied a report that  Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi had been captured  there.
2	Feds: Anger drove Varian hacker: Disgruntled #39; ex-programmer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A vindictive software programmer upset about his cancelled contract snuck into Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates Inc. #39;s computer system and zapped out e-commerce coding he and others 
0	Mystery surrounds what ails Arafat CLAMART, France The mystery surrounding Yasser Arafats illness broadened Thursday as the Palestinian leader at various times was said to be in a coma, in stable but serious condition, very critically ill, and then dead - until reports of his death 
1	Bailey breaks wrist, out a month Jerry Bailey, the seven-time Eclipse Award-winning jockey, will miss the next four weeks because of a fractured wrist, his agent, Ron Anderson, said Wednesday.
0	Iraqi Sunni Leaders Aim to Build on Shia Peace Gains It has been a week since a peace deal was struck in the Iraqi city of Najaf, bringing an end to three weeks of fighting and opening the predominantly Shia city up to millions of dollars in reconstruction aid.
2	Venezuela Awaits Result of Presidential Recall Vote Audit Venezuelan election officials say they expect to announce Saturday, results of a partial audit of last Sunday #39;s presidential recall referendum.
2	US Air to Seek 5-Year Extension for Pension Fund Payments S Airways, facing a cash shortage as it tries to avoid another bankruptcy filing, said yesterday that it would seek government permission to stretch out \$67.5 million in contributions it owes to the pensions of its mechanics and ...
1	Agassi Moves Into Legg Mason Quarters (AP) AP - Andre Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless on Thursday night.
2	Sagging Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro BRUSSELS, Belgium A top European Union official urged the United States on Monday to curb its deficits to help bolster the sagging dollar amid fears a strengthening euro would stifle Europes fledgling economic recovery.
2	Oil Sets Record as New Violence Flares in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on  Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth in China and India has not  been slowed yet by higher energy costs.
1	Today's schedule College field hockey: MIT at Wellesley, 3 p.m.; Salem St. at Lasell, 3 p.m.; University of New England at Bridgewater St., 3 p.m.; Wesleyan at Tufts, 3:30 p.m.; Western New England at Babson, 7 p.m.; Clark at Wheaton, 7 p.m.
1	Lethargy helps  #39;Cats #39; historic win, 91-89 The Pistons ended up on the wrong side of history Tuesday night at the Charlotte Coliseum. They became the first defending NBA champion to lose to an expansion team since 
2	Sprint in Talks to Buy Nextel for \$36 Bln  PHILADELPHIA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. is close to  an agreement buy Nextel Communications Inc. for more than \$36  billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No. 3 and  No. 5 U.S. wireless telephone companies, sources familiar with  the situation said on Friday.
1	RANIERI BLASTS FRISK Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri was unable to hide his frustration at referee Anders Frisk after his side crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday.
3	Emulex Debuts 4-Gbps Fibre Channel Silicon Emulex Corp. unveiled Tuesday its new FibreSpy switch-on-a-chip SOC 804 family of embedded storage for OEM customers looking to build to the new 4-gigabit Fibre Channel standard.
3	Red Hat: Fake Emails Circulating Red Hat posted a notice on their web site about fake emails that purport to come from them. Here is the statement in its entirety:  quot;Red Hat has been made aware that emails are circulating that pretend to come from the Red Hat Security Team.
1	Agassi moves into semis at Madrid Andre Agassi responded to a warm greeting by Spanish fans by eliminating the last local hopeful, Tommy Robredo, 6-7 (3), 6-3, 6-2 Friday night, and advancing to the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
1	Redskins Beat Bears 13-10 to End Skid (AP) AP - Clinton Portis had his best day since changing teams and Washington throttled Chicago's inept offense as the Redskins beat the Bears 13-10.
3	Titanic Finder Laments Damage by Visitors (AP) AP - The man who found the remains of the ocean liner Titanic nearly two decades ago has returned to the site and is lamenting the damage done by visitors and souvenir hunters.
0	Iran- Eu deal subject to progress in nuke talks LONDON, Nov 18 (IranMania) - Iran warned Wednesday that its deal to suspend sensitive nuclear activities in order to ease fears it is seeking the nuclear bomb was subject to rapid progress in a new round of negotiations to begin next month.
1	Woods doubles up field to end drought Miyazaki, Japan (Sports Network) - Tiger Woods shot a three-under 67 on Sunday to easily win the Dunlop Phoenix by eight strokes. Woods completed the tournament at 16-under-par 264.
1	FOOTBALL: TOTTI IN STAMP SHAME A LAST-GASP equaliser by striker Vincenzo Montella threw AS Roma a Champions League lifeline when they drew 1-1 with Bayer Leverkusen in a Group B match behind closed doors at the Olympic Stadium.
0	North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program The Bush administration responded calmly Tuesday to North Korean claims it has turned the plutonium from 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into nuclear weapons.
3	Clueless about networking? Click here &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off 'First-Step' guides
2	Dollar Holds Gains on Intervention Talk  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar kept its overnight gains  against the euro on Tuesday, finding a tenuous footing after  weeks of losses as traders took stern words by European  officials as a signal to stop selling the U.S. currency, at  least for now.
2	Economic Growth Slowed in Many Regions  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - While the U.S. economy continued to  grow in late July and August, growth slowed in several regions  as household spending softened, the Federal Reserve said on  Wednesday.
0	Israel blocking Arafat burial in Jerusalem Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury Yasser Arafat in Jerusalem, public radio reported Thursday as medical sources said the Palestinian leader was clinically dead.
0	Eyewitness: Thailand #39;s deadly protest Thailand is in shock after 78 arrested Muslims died in overloaded army trucks after a protest turned violent. The BBC #39;s Tony Cheng has visited the camp where more than 1,000 survivors of the journey are still being held.
2	Ford Down, Nissan Up in Sept. U.S. Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted its fourth  consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in  September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its  incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
3	Microsoft Unveils News Version of MSN TV Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
1	Manning and Giants in Line of Fire The players forming rookie quarterback Eli Manning's line of protection have not inspired much confidence lately, least of all among themselves.
1	Ichiro Moves Within One Hit of Record as A's Win  OAKLAND, California (Reuters) - Seattle's Ichiro Suzuki  could only manage a lone hit in five at-bats to draw within one  of the single season record of 257 as the Oakland A's picked up  a vital 3-2 win over the Mariners Thursday.
1	With commanding lead, Red Sox look to close deal They are the team of which the Boston Red Sox dare not speak. At least, not yet anyway. The Yankees may be somewhere on their minds, maybe even stuck in their craws.
0	Fuel Rods Turned into Weapons, North Claims North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon, currently attending the UN general assemblys annual ministerial meeting, disclosed on Monday that the North has reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into weapons-grade.
2	A New Highway to China's Boom (but Drive Carefully) A new fund is the first exchange-traded fund listed in the United States to focus exclusively on mainland Chinese companies.
0	SEC Gives Final Nod to Google's IPO SAN JOSE, Calif. - The Securities and Exchange Commission granted final approval Wednesday to the paperwork required for Google Inc.'s initial public offering, paving the way for the Internet search giant to set a price for its shares and begin selling them after several stumbles and a last-minute downward revision on the size of the offering...
1	This weekend on TV, radio TODAY COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 4:30 p.m. -- Preseason NIT third-place game: Michigan vs. Providence at New York, ESPN2 7 p.m. -- Preseason NIT championship game: Arizona vs. Wake Forest at New York, ESPN2 7:30 p.m. -- Clemson at BC, NESN, WEEI (850) 9 p.m. -- Maryland vs. Memphis at Springfield, ESPN2 Midnight -- Great Alaska Shootout semifinal at Anchorage, ESPN2 PRO ...
3	Cisco, Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers The Cisco-Fujitsu alliance will benefit from Cisco #39;s leadership in IP technology and Fujitsu #39;s edge in networking products.
2	Linde merger with UK #39;s BOC Group  #39;speculation #39; - report LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Linde (DE:648300) is not discussing a 8.6 billion pound merger of its industrial gas operations with the UK #39;s BOC Group (BOX) (UK:BOC) , Germany #39;s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported.
0	Helicopters evacuate Japanese villagers after earthquakes kill at least 16 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OJIYA, Japan (AP) - Military helicopters evacuated earthquake victims from a wrecked village and traumatized residents huddled in shelters and salvaged belongings from flattened homes Sunday in the aftermath of a string of earthquakes in northern Japan that killed at least 16 people and injured a reported 900 others.
2	Indies challenge Sony BMG merger Independent music companies are launching a legal challenge to the European Union #39;s decision to allow the merger of Sony and Bertelsmann (BMG).
1	Expos Release Plan Washington's baseball team begins to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with the team.
0	Sharon faces new rebellion Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
0	Hurdles for digital TV's global reach Conditions in developing nations could hamper the spread of digital TV, a broadcast conference is told.
3	 #39;Highly critical #39; flaws fixed in RealPlayer RealNetworks Inc. recommends users download updates it released to patch multiple security holes in RealOne Player, RealPlayer and Helix Player.
3	The Shape of Things to Come In 2015, an array of 4400 twelve meter fully steerable paraboloid radio dishes, called the Square Kilometer Array (SKA) is scheduled to be complete and operational.    Astrobiology Magazine -- The project plans are being developed by a consortium of institutions headed up by Cornell, and funded by the National Science Foundation among others...
0	US welcomes Japan #39;s decision to extend forces in Iraq The United States welcomed on Thursday Japan #39;s decision to extend the deployment of its forces in Iraq for an additional 12 months.
1	Willingham is already fired in fans #39; minds The Notre Dame message boards are no longer discussing whether Tyrone Willingham should be fired. Theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be Barry Alvarez or Steve Spurrier.
3	You broke it. Who fixes it? Apple thinks do-it-yourself PC repair is the wave of the future. But another PC maker has other ideas.
2	Software Firm to Name New Chief Executive Computer Associates International is expected to announce that its new chief executive will be John Swainson, an I.B.M. executive with strong technical and sales credentials.
2	Jones to Buy Barneys in \$400 Million Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jones Apparel Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNY.N&lt;/A&gt;, a  mid-priced clothing retailer and maker, said on Thursday it was  buying Barneys New York Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNNY.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BNNY.OB&lt;/A&gt; in a deal worth \$400  million as a move to expand into luxury apparel retailing.
0	Kenyan Environmentalist Wins Nobel Peace Prize  OSLO (Reuters) - Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai  became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize  Friday for aiding the continent's poor with a campaign to plant  millions of trees to slow down deforestation.
2	Getting and spending: Russia grapples with excess oil billions (AFP) AFP - What do you do when you've got billions of dollars lying around and don't know how to spend them?
3	Rivals Say Microsoft Online Music Store Falls Short  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp's. newly launched MSN  Music download service has a long way to go to catch up with  iTunes and other online services, competitors said on Thursday.
1	Peirsol breaks own world record in 200 backstroke Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
3	NASA to Use Sweden Balloon Launch Area (AP) AP - Already a leading launch area for scientific balloons in northern Europe, operations at Sweden's Esrange launch facility will expand next year with NASA's decision to use it for launches of its largest scientific balloons, a spokesman said Tuesday.
1	Loeb cruises to victory in Australia PERTH, Australia -- World champion Sebastien Loeb (Citroen) cruised through the final day to clinch his record-equalling sixth win of the season.
2	BoE report suggests rates on hold Interest rates may have peaked, the Bank of England has signalled as it warned that house prices could fall further in the coming months.
1	Schilling's Ruptured Ankle Tendon Repaired (AP) AP - Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling had surgery Tuesday to repair his injured right ankle. Schilling pitched Game 6 of the American League Championship Series and Game 2 of the World Series last month with the torn sheath of his ankle tendon sutured into place so it wouldn't flop over the bone when he pitched.
2	In Mr. Bush's Neighborhood, a Peculiar Intersection The relationship between President Bush and Wall Street has always been a tangled one, layered with paradox and outright contradiction.
2	Just Another Day in the Pit as Oil Tops \$52 While consumers, presidential candidates and the stock and bond markets are focused on oil prices, the oil traders themselves are more concerned about volatility.
0	Palestinians fail first post-Arafat leadership test The Palestinian Authority Friday failed its first post-Arafat test to determine whether or not it was serious about making peace with Israel.
3	Judge Dumps Child Porn Law A federal judge gives Pennsylvania's internet child pornography law the boot. The controversial law required ISPs to block child porn websites, but in doing so, they prohibited access to many legal sites, leading to a 'massive suppression' of free speech.
3	Google Launches Ultimate Search Tool Google, the world #39;s most popular search engine announced the launch of a beta desktop search utility application that goes beyond basic web search.
3	eBay will keep Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely EBay announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.
3	OpenSSH Gateways with ProxyCommand \\Lets say you have a cluster of machines behind a firewall or lack IP address\space for a unique frontend IP for all your boxes.\\You need to SSH into any one of the machines but first you need to manually SSH\into a gateway machine and then SSH into your target machines.  This is a major\pain as it involves a lot of wasted time and keystrokes.  \\Worse yet the standard scp and rsync tools won't work with SSH (and neither will\any other SSH pipe commands) to your target box.\\Luckily OpenSSH has a ProxyCommand configuration option that allows you to proxy\into your gateway, then forward all packets via this proxy.\\In order to do this you need 'netcat' installed and if you're on debian this c ...\\
3	China's Huawei deploys its first U.S. mobile network Chinese network equipment manufacturer Huawei Technologies is beginning to make inroads into the U.S. mobile telecommunications market about three years after establishing a subsidiary here.
1	Brown loses by TKO In the course of his first year in pinstripes, Kevin Brown has endured a two-month bout with an intestinal parasite and had two cortisone shots for lower back pain.
3	Web worm teenager charged A German teenager who created the Sasser worm that disrupted computers around the world in May has been charged with computer sabotage, a crime carrying a maximum five-year jail term.
3	Pay for Sun #39;s Schwartz jumps 56 percent com September 22, 2004, 4:33 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3	Intel updates wireless chips, software Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.
1	Fergie stands by selection policy Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson insists he has no regrets about fielding a second-string side against Fenerbahce. Sanli Tuncay #39;s second-half hat-trick consigned the Red Devils to a 3-0 defeat in Istanbul 
1	Cubs Hire Speier As New Third-Base Coach (AP) AP - Former All-Star shortstop Chris Speier was hired by the Chicago Cubs as their third-base coach Thursday.
1	Charging Els moves to the top Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under 
0	UN accuses Israel of excessive force during Gaza offensive A United Nations official has accused Israel of  quot;gross violations quot; of international law in a recent offensive in which more than 100 Palestinians died in the northern Gaza Strip.
3	IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record (AP) AP - IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer.
0	JFK Aide Pierre Salinger Dies at 79 PARIS - Pierre Salinger, a journalist and former press secretary to President John F. Kennedy, was also a prominent backer of the theory that the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 was caused by a Navy missile...
1	Cardinals Defeat Giants, 17-14 (AP) AP - Just like the old days in Dallas, Emmitt Smith made life miserable for the New York Giants on Sunday.
0	Cameroon votes for leader Cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy.
1	Lazio face tough encounters Forty qualifiers were divided into eight groups of five at today #39;s draw for the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage in Switzerland, with the top seeds SS Lazio drawn in a testing pool alongside opposition from Spain, England, Serbia and Montenegro, and Greece.
3	RFID tags: The people say no The issue has united readers of all stripes, from the religious to privacy advocates, CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos writes.
2	Microsoft braces for EU anti-trust appeal US software giant Microsoft said it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a European appeal court hearing due to start this week against an EU condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
1	Game time violence penalties proposed A city councilor is proposing stiffer penalties for crimes committed around Boston sports events, in a measure aimed at deterring game-related violence and vandalism.
1	Spurrier withdraws from Florida coaching search After spending more than a week thinking about it, Spurrier decided Thursday to remove his name from consideration to replace Ron Zook.
3	A New Crew Arrives At the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex early today.
2	Infineon Admits to Price Fixing Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a \$160 million fine for participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices in the DRAM market, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) said today.
0	Prudential drops bid for S.Korean assest managing firm (AFP) AFP - A consortium led by British insurer Prudential PLC has dropped its bid for a major South Korean state asset managing company.
2	Stocks Drop as Drug, Chip Sectors Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Friday, pressured by  declines in the drug and semiconductor sectors and  by  slower-than-expected U.S. jobs growth in September.
1	Celtic defeats Dundee 3-0 to keep Scottish league record perfect Henri Camara #39;s two goals and another from John Hartson earned Scottish leaders Celtic a 3-0 victory Saturday over Dundee, giving the defending champions a perfect record in five matches.
0	Afghan election notebook 5 - Out for the count I admit I was fast asleep when the moment came, although the moment wasn #39;t really the moment. It was mid-afternoon on Sunday, 24 October.
3	Feds Bust File-Sharing Sites Law enforcement agents have raided five homes and one ISP in what the Department of Justice calls the first federal enforcement action against piracy on peer-to-peer networks.
1	Former champs Lleyton Hewitt and Serena Williams move on at US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wearing what she described as her  quot;micro-mini quot; outfit, third-seeded Serena Williams advanced to the third round of the US Open on Wednesday with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over fellow American Lindsay Lee-Waters.
2	Mondavi Director Quits Under Pressure Michael Mondavi, a director of wine maker Robert Mondavi Corp., has resigned from the board after his comments in the press undermined the company #39;s efforts to overhaul its business, the company said.
0	US: Iranian Nuclear Program May Come Before UN Security Council Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United Nations Security Council may ultimately have to deal with questions surrounding Iran #39;s nuclear program.
1	One Man #39;s Opinion - UCLA review It #39;s hard to believe that, although I am typing this opinion after finishing the regular season 12-0, I am not as ecstatic as I should be .
0	PAISLEY #39;S PLAN FOR IRA NORTHERN Ireland could return to self-government next spring, the Rev Ian Paisley #39;s Democratic Unionist Party said last night.
3	Presse Economique / Telecommunications PLANO, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 6, 2004--Enfora LP, leader des solutions de donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une nouvelle gamme d #39;accessoires Wireless Portfolio(TM) pour la prise en 
0	Rescuers try to save whales after 80 die in mass stranding off &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY : Rescue teams struggled Monday to prevent a pod of about 20 whales beaching in an area off Australia #39;s south coast where 80 whales and dolphins died after stranding themselves at the weekend.
2	Coke's Heyer to Go, May Join Starwood  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co.'s president and chief  operating officer, Steven Heyer, will leave the company on  Sept. 1 after missing out on the top job in May, the Wall  Street Journal said on Tuesday, citing an internal memo.
2	Tech Stocks Edge Higher, Lifted by Dell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose slightly on Friday,  boosted by computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, but gains were  small as Wall Street took a breather after Thursday's rally.
3	As Ice Thaws, Arctic Peoples at Loss for Words (Reuters) Reuters - What are the words used by indigenous\peoples in the Arctic for "hornet," "robin," "elk," "barn owl"\or "salmon?"
2	First UK Islamic Bank opens doors The UK's first stand-alone Islamic High Street bank,  aimed at the UK's 1.8 million Muslims opens in London on Wednesday.
3	Judge Weighs Evidence in IBM, SCO Case (AP) AP - IBM attorneys argued that Utah-based SCO Group has failed to provide any evidence that IBM allowed proprietary Unix code to enter the freely distributed Linux operating system and its  #36;5 billion suit making that claim should be dismissed.
2	Coke #39;s flat earnings pop Wall Street rally, expectations US stocks fizzed downward yesterday after Coca-Cola Co. and other firms reported disappointing sales and earnings projections - giving Wall Street a case of indigestion amid concern that the days of fat corporate profits may be over.
3	Video games A cheaper alternative to playing games on a computer is to get a gaming console. These hook up directly to your television set. The Sony PlayStation 2, Microsoft Xbox and Nintendo Gamecube are the main players in the console market.
1	Olympic horses get positive result for banned substances Showjumper Cian O #39;Connor, winner of Ireland #39;s only gold medal in Athens, said his horse Waterford Crystal was among them, issuing a statement shortly after the International Equestrian Federation announced the positive tests.
2	Boeing wins Air Force contract to launch satellites WASHINGTON -- The Boeing Co., the second-biggest US defense contractor, won a \$54 million contract to launch four navigation satellites for the Air Force in the second exception to a ban imposed on the company last year.
2	Stocks Rise, Oil Falls, Fed Wait Resumes  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Tuesday as a oil prices  slid below \$48 a barrel, offsetting caution as investors waited  for an expected quarter-point hike in U.S. interest rates and  results from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;.
1	Rush rules himself out of race for Welsh job Ian Rush has ruled himself out of becoming the new Wales manager, instead opting to stay on as boss of English League Two side Chester City.
2	French minister expresses concern over US dollar weakness French Finance Minister Herve Gaymard said Monday that  quot;the American and Asian authorities quot; should work together with Europe to deal with the weakness of the US dollar.
3	Cyber-Security Office Calls for More Clout The office in charge of cyber-security in the Department of Homeland Security is planning to continue moving ahead on the agenda the agency has already set.
3	Spacecraft Design Pioneer Faget Dies Spacecraft design pioneer Maxime Faget has died at the age of 83. Faget is credited for conceiving Project Mercury, which put the first US astronauts into space, and was involved in the design of every US manned spacecraft afterward.
2	Italian airline company seeks domestic partner Struggling Italian airline Alitalia is set to seek one of three domestic partners to help it claw backmarket share, Alitalia #39;s Chairman and CEO Gianfranco Cimoli said on Thursday.
2	Google shares set to hit market Restriction on sale of 39M shares to expire, but analysts expect supply will be quickly absorbed. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Web search leader Google Inc.
2	Qwest trims loss; sales decline slows WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications International #39;s third-quarter loss narrowed as the phone carrier slowed the decline in its sales, the company reported Thursday.
1	Lucky 13 for Braves ATLANTA -- The cigars were bigger than ever, the champagne and beer just as cold. The scene in the joyous Atlanta Braves clubhouse showed that winning never gets old.
0	Ohio Provisional Ballot Ruling Reversed (AP) AP - A federal appeals court on Saturday reversed a lower court's ruling that Ohio voters could cast provisional ballots on Election Day anywhere in the county in which they are registered.
0	Sudanese government and rebels to sign security protocol ABUJA (AFP) - Sudanese government and rebel leaders from the war-torn region of Darfur agreed to sign two accords on the humanitarian and security crises in the western area, delegates said.
1	Pitching fails Giants once again Another early exit for starter as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Atlanta -- The Giants returned from the South after a 3-4 trip that should have been better, culminated by a game that they should have won.
1	Sorenstam returns from layoff to win 53rd LPGA Tour title Annika Sorenstam was more rejuvenated than rusty after a month off  quot;chilling quot; in Lake Tahoe and cleaning up after Florida hurricanes.
2	SEC Probing DaimlerChrylser  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt;  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission has opened a probe into the automaker's compliance  with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which includes  anti-bribery provisions.
2	Greenspan Cautions on Baby Boomer Benefits (AP) AP - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices unless Congress acts quickly to trim Social Security and Medicare benefits for the baby boom generation. He said the government has promised more than it can deliver.
3	Students Show Mixed Science, Math Scores (AP) AP - U.S. eighth-graders are gaining on their peers across the globe in science and math, but fourth-graders are being passed as their test scores remain stagnant, according to an international review of school performance.
3	Steam Update November 19, 2004 - Valve updated the Steam site with a bit of news regarding Steam and Half-Life 2 support: A small number of Half-Life 2 customers have been experiencing problems while playing the game, and we have traced these issues to corrupt Steam 
0	At Least 17 Killed in Darfur Fighting (AP) AP - Fighting near a village in Sudan's crisis-plagued Darfur region killed at least 17 people Monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape.
1	WADA: Botched Tests Allowed Hamilton to Keep Olympic Gold  TORONTO (Reuters) - A series of errors and  misunderstandings led to the botched drug test that resulted in  American cyclist Tyler Hamilton retaining his gold medal from  the Athens Olympics, said a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)  report Thursday.
1	Games go eons back in time today ATHENS, Greece  The slogan for these Olympics is,  quot;Welcome Home. quot; But the Games really go home today, when the men #39;s and women #39;s shot put are held in the excavated stadium of ancient Olympia, which started all this madness in 776 BC ...
3	Russia Plans Laws Against Polluting Industry in 05 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia plans its first laws to crack\down on industrial polluters next year, and will force\offending companies to invest in clean technology rather than\pay fines, the natural resources minister said Friday.
2	Crude Oil Slides Again The benchmark US crude was down 96 cents, or 2, to \$43.03 a barrel, as traders felt confident about supply-and-demand dynamics. Prices are now down about 13 from their intraday record high of almost \$50 a barrel on Sept.
0	Three foreign UN hostages released in Afghanistan: police (AFP) AFP - Three foreign United Nations workers kidnapped and held hostage in Afghanistan for three weeks were released, police and officials told AFP.
1	Bernie submits draft calendar tomorrow Formula One awaits news on Bernie Ecclestone #39;s draft calendar for 2005, which will be submitted to the FIA on Wednesday, 13 October.
3	Photo: Dell's Inspiron 9200 The notebook comes with a 17-inch screen, the company's first at that size.
0	Nigerian Party Chief Slams President (Reuters) Reuters - The head of Nigeria's ruling party\launched an unprecedented attack on President Olusegun Obasanjo\in a letter published on Saturday, warning him that his\government was unpopular and heading for collapse.
2	Synnex 3Q Profit Rises 50 Percent Synnex Corp., a provider of technology supply chain services, on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 50 percent, helped by higher revenue and a settlement gain from the acquisition of its British subsidiary.
0	US Strikes Targets In Al-Fallujah 10 September 2004 -- A US jet fired missiles at an insurgent stronghold in Al-Fallujah today, the fourth straight day of attacks in the Sunni city west of Baghdad.
1	Greek hero Charisteas the man for the big occasion Greek international Angelos Charisteas seems to love playing football on the big stage, with his late strike for Werder Bremen securing a sensational 2-1 Champions League win over ten-man Valencia on Wednesday.
0	Toll in Assam flash floods rises to 111 Guwahati: The toll in the current wave of flash floods and landslides in Assam has increased to 111. The toll might go up as the rescue operation was continuing in the area.
0	U.S. Gets New Spy Chief as Senate Confirms Goss (Reuters) Reuters - The Senate confirmed Porter Goss as\the new CIA director on Wednesday amid growing momentum for\intelligence reform, terrorism threats and a persistent\insurgency in Iraq.
1	Budget questions plague Turin organizers Budget questions continued to plague organizers for the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics on Monday, with local committee chief Valentino forced to cancel a hastily prepared news conference due to delays in compiling budget details.
0	Malaysia #39;s UMNO will not bring Anwar back into party KUALA LUMPUR : The UMNO Supreme Council on Tuesday reached a decision not to bring back former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, who was UMNO deputy president, into the party for now.
1	Woodgate to join Real after passing medical MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Newcastle United defender Jonathan Woodgate will sign for Real Madrid after passing a medical on Friday, joining the Spanish club on a four-year deal for a reported 20 million euros (\$24.74 million). 
2	Oh Ho Ho, Those Holiday Sales! Gavin Reynolds (Rochester, NY) 12/03/04 - From dawn until dusk retailers are pulling out all the stops to make every weekend like the day after Thanksgiving.
3	IBM grabs content management company Big Blue plans to acquire Venetica to fill out its lineup of software for accessing business documents.
1	Houllier praises Rafa #39;s new Liverpool Gerard Houllier was angry to read reports about his criticism of Rafael Benitez in the Sunday papers, and insists he believes the Spaniard is doing well at Anfield.
0	Iraqi Premier Plans Expansion of Arms Handover Program Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq said today that a weapons-for-cash program in Baghdad would be expanded nationwide.
3	Red Hat names new CFO Two months after announcing the resignation of its chief financial officer and six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named a new CFO.
0	Japan vows troops will stay in Iraq after 24-year-old hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi vowed on Sunday that Japanese troops would continue their domestically unpopular mission in Iraq after Islamic militants demanding a pullout killed a 24-year-old Japanese tourist.
2	UPDATE 1-Fed #39;s No 2 says US doesn #39;t need inflation target The adoption of a specific numerical target for inflation would likely do little to improve monetary policy in the United States and could hurt, Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Roger Ferguson said on Friday.
3	Hitachi, Matsushita, Toshiba to jointly make large LCD panels (AFP) AFP - Japanese hi-tech giants Hitachi, Matsushita and Toshiba said they have agreed to jointly produce large liquid crystal display (LCD) panels for flat-screen televisions with one billion dollars in fresh investment.
3	Sage Grouse Listing May Curb Natural Gas (AP) AP - Some wildlife experts want to make the greater sage grouse an endangered species icon. Its Western habitat, unfortunately, is atop some of the nation's largest untapped natural gas fields.
0	Irish Lawmakers to Review Rights for Gays (AP) AP - Ireland, a mostly Roman Catholic country where divorce was legalized just seven years ago, is contemplating another leap away from its conservative past  #151; and toward greater rights for homosexual couples.
1	Magpies top UEFA group, Hearts out Newcastle ensured their place as top seeds in Friday #39;s third round UEFA Cup draw after holding Sporting Lisbon to a 1-1 draw at St James #39; Park.
0	Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge Numbers CARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force leftist President Hugo Chavez from office.    Lines snaked for blocks in upscale neighborhoods, where suspicion is high that the leftist leader plans a Cuba-style dictatorship, and in the slums, where support for his "revolution for the poor" is fervent...
2	Overland Bullish on Tech Investors are dumping tech stocks with abandon. As for Overland Storage, it is a buyer.
3	HP targets Chinese market with AMD powered PC China with its large population provides a big market for the PC Manufacturers. However, it is the local computer makers who rule the Chinese PC Market.
1	Astros place playoff tickets on sale today The Astros will put individual game tickets for the Division Series on sale today at 8 am on astros.com and over the phone toll free at 877-927-8767.
3	John Deere, IRobot Team Up to Make Robot (AP) AP - In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
1	Alonso Next in at Anfield Rafael Benitez #39;s Anfield revolution gathered pace today when the Liverpool manager unveiled one new signing and revealed he was close to completing a deal for another. 
3	Tech companies building bridges with China BEIJING -- John Chambers, the chief executive officer (CEO) and president of Cisco Systems Inc., doesn't care when economists think China is going to become the world's largest economy. He's just thinking about what needs to be done for Cisco to tap into that market.
1	Smarty Jones Casts Shadow Over Field Smarty Jones has been retired to stud in Kentucky, but his presence is felt among the other top 3-year-old thoroughbreds still racing.
3	Briefly: Spyware bill moves to Senate roundup Plus: Supercomputer center gets new No. 2...MIT, Caltech offer low-tech voting advice...Siemens builds phone to detect bad breath.
1	Bagger just one of girls AS A 14-year-old on a men #39;s handicap of four, Mianne Bagger was recognised as a future champion. Photographed alongside Greg Norman in the magazine Golf World, Bagger would eventually earn international recognition for a much more dramatic swing.
2	EU Ponders Appeal of Sugar Subsidy Ruling The European Union said Wednesday it would consider appealing a World Trade Organization ruling that found its subsidies to European sugar producers violate global trade rules.
2	Oracle beats forecast by penny, stock up SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. reported a 16 per cent rise in quarterly net income yesterday as the world #39;s second-largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
0	UN Says May Have Spotted Rwandan Troops in Congo  KINSHASA (Reuters) - The U.N. mission in Congo said on  Wednesday it had spotted 100 soldiers, thought to be Rwandan,  in the east of the vast Central African country but Kigali  declined to say whether its troops had crossed the border.
0	Karzai Wins Afghan Election, Official Says A UN worker sorts Hamid Karzai #39;s ballot papers at a counting center in Kabul on Tuesday, Oct. 26. 2004. With 97.7 percent of ballots counted, Karzai has 55.
3	Rainfall moves northern Arizona down drought scale Northern Arizona #39;s downgrade on a federal drought map from an  quot;extreme quot; designation to  quot;severe quot; could mean healthier winter vegetation, better stream flow and more moisture - at least in the short term, experts say.
0	Six people killed in high-speed train crash in England Six people were killed and 11 seriously hurt Saturday when a high-speed train derailed after colliding with a car at a rural crossing in southern England.
2	Black to Quit Hollinger Inc., Stock Soars  TORONTO (Reuters) - Former press baron Conrad Black will  quit as chairman and chief executive of his Canadian holding  company, Hollinger Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLGc.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLGc.TO&lt;/A&gt;, to facilitate his offer to  take it private.
0	Dirty Campaign Tricks Now Serious Crimes (AP) AP - Election-year tactics like making anonymous phone calls or inventing make-believe groups to criticize the opponent now come with a higher price: the possibility of time in jail.
1	Controversy brews TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Wyatt Sexton became an instant hit with Florida State fans and left coach Bobby Bowden with a decision.
1	Last laugh Oh, those wacky Red Sox. Nothing like a little levity to take the edge off a playoff race. That #39;s why Terry Francona #39;s merry pranksters last night let Manny Ramirez lead the charge out of the dugout in the ...
2	Fed Chief Sees More Traction in Expansion Alan Greenspan said that the economic expansion had "regained some traction."
1	Korea #39;s chances for duplicate gold appear slim The satisfaction of knowing they should have won gymnastics gold might be all the South Koreans get. While the country #39;s Olympic team met with lawyers Sunday to plan its appeal over the medal given to American 
1	Canucks to announce partial sale The Vancouver Canucks have called a news conference for Wednesday morning at GM Place to announce the sale of a percentage of the National Hockey League club.
2	Stocks Seen Flat; Data, NY Protests Eyed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks looked to open flat on  Wednesday as investors await Friday's job figures and stay  cautious as concerns loom about potential disruptions to the  Republican party's convention in New York this week.
3	Dell fields 17-inch notebook Dell #39;s Inspiron notebook line made its big-screen debut Tuesday with the introduction of a 17-inch display. As expected, the Inspiron 9200, which starts at \$1,699, aims to use more screen real-estate to appeal 
1	Oram puts Australian attack to the sword AUSTRALIAN crowds are familiar with the sight of a big-hitting left-hander wandering to the wicket at No.7 and turning a Test match on its head.
3	IBM Overhauls WebSphere App Server IBM Wednesday introduced a significant overhaul to its WebSphere J2EE application server, with new support for standards-based messaging protocols, better management features and enhancements to improve availability of applications, according to an IBM 
3	HDS unveils TagmaStore array Hitachi Data Systems has unveiled its TagmaStore Universal Storage System, a series of three arrays based on a switched architecture that can scale to 332TB of internal storage and manage up to 32 petabytes of external storage.
1	Molik upsets Zvonareva in Zurich Australia #39;s Alicia Molik has caused an upset in the second round of the WTA tournament in Zurich, beating sixth-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva.
1	Dominant Mourning leads Nets in 2 OT win CHICAGO  Alonzo Mourning was his old self in his second game since having a kidney transplant 11 months ago, making back-to-back layups in the second overtime to lead the New Jersey Nets to a 111-106 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Friday night.
3	Lunar eclipse due tonight Stay awake for long enough tonight and you will witness one of the sky #39;s most amazing natural phenomena - a total lunar eclipse.
2	Fannie Mae makes deal, but more probes due Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest mortgage buyer and a financial juggernaut that affects tens of millions of home buyers, agreed Monday to major changes in its accounting and management 
0	Wet weather hits Coca-Cola sales Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning, partly  blaming the impact of cold and wet weather in northern Europe.
1	Singh looks to build No. 1 ranking, push Woods #39; money record at 84 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Vijay Singh didn #39;t see the Mystic Rock course where the 84 Lumber Classic is played until a few weeks ago. Defending champion JL Lewis said the world #39;s top-ranked golfer would have gained no great advantage if he had seen it earlier.
3	Novell, Red Hat, Sun Pledge Support for AMD's Dual-Core Chips (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AMD (NYSE: AMD) says software vendors 
1	 #39;I #39;m 100 Percent Innocent #39;, Says Hamilton Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton said on Tuesday he was  quot;100 percent innocent quot; as the Phonak rider responded to testing positive for blood transfusions.
3	Data from doomed sun probe sent to California NASA crews Thursday shipped to California the first bits of recovered scientific data from the Genesis probe crash in Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, according to a NASA news release.
3	File-sharing software off legal hook In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies 
0	Several strong earthquakes hit northwestern Japan; 7 dead, 500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A series of powerful earthquakes and aftershocks rattled northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 700 as buildings crumbled, two trains were derailed and roadways were torn apart.
3	Nintendo DS: Doubly good (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Nintendo's new DS - short for "Dual Screen" - (* * * 1/2 out of four,  #36;150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on.
0	Star concert honours Nobel winner Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey host a concert paying tribute to Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai.
2	Samsung, Sony Ericsson Post Gains Samsung Electronics posted a 46 percent gain in earnings, despite a dip in its cell phone and telecom-equipment business. Separately, Sony Ericsson posted a 29 percent year-over-year increase in sales during the third quarter.
0	Summary: Series of Earthquakes Hit Japan (AP) AP - THE DISASTER: A series of earthquakes that hit northeastern Japan  #151; the largest measuring magnitude 6.8  #151; leaves 98,000 residents in shelters.
3	2 Firms Win Contracts for Missile Work BAE Systems PLC  and Northrop Grumman Corp. won \$45 million contracts yesterday to develop prototypes of anti-missile technology that could protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missiles.
0	Rebels Attack Governor #39;s Office in Iraqi City Rebels attacked the provincial governor #39;s office in Iraq #39;s third city of Mosul on Thursday, killing one of his bodyguards and wounding four more, the US military said.
2	Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CD.N&lt;/A&gt; is nearing a deal to buy online travel  site Orbitz Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORBZ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORBZ.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is controlled by the top five  U.S. airlines, for about \$1.2 billion in cash, a source close  to the talks said on Tuesday.
3	The chicken and the genome Scientists have analyzed the genetic makeup of chickens, and it is providing valuable information about how human genes work. Washington University Genome Sequencing Center led a group of international researchers 
0	Sudanese peace talks open African Union-sponsored peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebel leaders from its war-torn Darfur region began on Monday amid disagreement over the deployment of peacekeepers.
3	Samsung to slot a hard drive into handsets One-inch media storage drive marks a step forward for convergence of mobile devices.
1	Sutton: Cink Proves Ryder Cup Mettle with Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton said  Monday that Stewart Cink's victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC  Invitational "proved to the world" he was an ideal wildcard  choice in the U.S. team.
2	FUTURES MOVERS LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Crude-oil futures showed continued strength Thursday as tight supplies and strong demand in advance of the winter heating season kept prices near record levels.
1	British officials call emergency meeting LONDON: British Grand Prix organisers will stage an emergency meeting today aimed at blocking Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone #39;s plans to scrap the race.
3	Nielsen Counts 54.5 Million Broadband Users in Europe The number of people in Europe surfing the Internet over a broadband connection reached 54.5 million in October 2004 -- an increased of 60 from 34.1 million a year earlier -- according to the latest report from Nielsen/NetRatings.
0	US marines in Philippines on storm relief mission, health fears &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; INFANTA, Philippines (AFP) - US Marines began helping relief operations in the Philippines following storms that have left more than 1,500 people dead as fears grew of a health crisis among survivors.
1	Protection Is Issue The Redskins have allowed nine sacks in the past two games -- a particularly large number for a Joe Gibbs-coached team.
3	Ancient Roman Cosmetic Face Cream Discovered Researchers at Bristol University, in the UK, have reproduced an ancient Roman cosmetic face cream from a 2000 year-old original, which was discovered intact at an ongoing archaeological dig in London.
1	Rob White aims for a zero defect finish to the season The Viry technical director is aiming for perfect reliability through to the final race of the year. Beginning this weekend in Monza.
0	British hospital sends X-rays by computer for analysis in Spain (AFP) AFP - A British hospital said it had overcome a nationwide shortage of radiologists by taking the "innovative" step of sending X-ray photographs by digital link to experts at a clinic in Spain.
1	UPDATE 1-Albania double stuns European champions Greece Albania stunned Euro 2004 winners Greece with two goals in the first 10 minutes of their World Cup qualifier on Saturday and then hung on to win 2-1 and send their fans into a frenzy as they celebrated with fireworks.
0	India test-fires nuclear-capable ballistic missile (AFP) AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources say.
3	Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for  #36;160m (MacCentral) MacCentral - Yahoo! Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to acquire online music service Musicmatch Inc. in a cash deal valued at US #36;160 million. It's Yahoo's maneuver to become a player in the online digital music download world, currently dominated by Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store, and populated by a variety of other competitors including Napster, Microsoft's MSN Music, Wal-Mart and others.
2	City shuts Back Bay Holiday Market The hard luck Back Bay Holiday Market at Prudential Center was shut down for about five hours yesterday by the Boston Public Health Commission, prompting one merchant to say she plans to leave.
3	Digital recorders bump old VCRs off the shelf If you #39;re replacing an aging VCR, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. The reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of a 
0	Riots in Lebanon after al Qaeda suspect dies in custody After overnight riots, thousands of people in Lebanon staged a protest following the death in custody of a suspected Al-Qaeda activist arrested for alleged bomb plots against Western embassies.
0	Two die in bid to assassinate Karzai's running mate in Afghan polls (AFP) AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai's running mate survived an assassination attempt when a bomb killed two people in a convoy carrying him to an election rally, a government official said.
1	Olympics: New Doping Scandal, Judging Scandals at Games Japan #39;s Mizuki Nogushi won the first Olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on Sunday, but for Britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
2	Bill Gates elected to Berkshire Hathaway board Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Tuesday said it elected Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, to be a director.
2	Verizon: No Imminent Plan for Sprint Bid Verizon Communications Inc. has eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. (FON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , but has no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
0	Chechen rebel claims school siege Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claims responsibility for the Beslan siege in which more than 320 hostages died.
0	Child healthcare goals to be set The government is set to unveil standards for the healthcare of children and adolescents on Wednesday.
0	Peru rebels 'to give up weapons' The man who led a bloody occupation of a police station in Peru says his followers will surrender on Monday.
1	Canas seals third title Guillermo Canas wrapped up the Shanghai Open title with consummate ease on Sunday following a 6-1 6-0 win against Lars Burgsmuller.
3	IBM Launches New Line of Servers at Plant (AP) AP - IBM on Monday launched a new, cheaper line of computer servers designed for smaller businesses, with production at the plant here.
1	Kansas, Tennessee top NCAA basketball polls Kansas often grabs a spot in the upper half of the Associated Press men's preseason college basketball poll, but the school hasn't been No. 1 since Wilt Chamberlain suited up for the Jayhawks in the 1950s.
3	Study: Firms see mixed results in outsourcing Survey of U.S. and European companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
1	Can #39;t do much other than wait, Braves say The television in Bobby Cox #39;s office was tuned to the Chicago Cubs #39; game, and the Braves manager intently watched the ninth inning.
2	Stocks Edge Higher on Retail Report Stocks rose steadily in late trading Friday as Wall Street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending.
3	FCC Appeals Cable Broadband Decision The Supreme Court is expected to review a decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco that ruled cable modem services should be regulated as a telecommunications service.
1	Cavaliers Have Been Programmed for This These are the games college football programs spend years building toward, a chance to rise from the ranks of the also-rans to a place among the sport #39;s elite.
3	Possibly the fastest way to spend money Next, you could have a Motorola mobile phone with MasterCard PayPass to help you spend money faster.  quot;This is layering on more features to make the cell phone 
1	Deportivo goes down at home La Coruna, Spain (Sports Network) - Osasuna overcame a red card to shock Deportivo La Coruna Sunday, 3-1. Deportivo took a 1-0 lead into halftime on a Walter Pandiani strike in the 19th minute.
1	College football games on TV NORTHWESTERN (3-3) vs. WISCONSIN (7-0) When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at Madison, Wis. TV: ESPN.
1	Camarillo lifts Mexico over Panama Alan Camarillo had a special night. One that no baseball player would ever forget. His game-winning three-run home run in the top of the 10th gave 
3	New Strained Silicon Server Chips in  #39;05 Thanks to a new  #39;Dual Stress Liner #39; strained silicon manufacturing technique, AMD and IBM today announced that new Athlon64 and Power processors, set to debut in early 2005, could offer a performance boost of up to 24 percent.
1	Bears have big hole to fill The Bears #39; defense has overcome injuries and the team #39;s own stagnated offense to spark a three-game winning streak that #39;s made the playoffs more than a fever dream.
0	Putin accuses West President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of indulging terrorists, just hours after a Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly attacks in Russia and threatened more.
0	Japan denounces Iraq hostage death As Tokyo Correspondent Mark Simkin reports, the remains of Shosei Koda were found in Baghdad.  quot;The decapitated body was wrapped in an American flag.
0	Tokyo Stocks Advance in Early Trading (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks were higher early Friday as the U.S. dollar rebounded against the Japanese yen, following through its strength in New York where players reduced heavy dollar-bearish positions.
3	Dixons ditches the video recorder High Street electrical retailer Dixons is ditching the VCR because of falling sales and the increased popularity of newer technology.
3	Digital vs. analog- which is better? In the movie The Rock, the protagonist is a chemestry nerd who gleefully signs for a package as if he's a kid who's just gotten his box tops honored with a toy in the mail. He opens it- and it is an old, presumably pristine, Beatles LP.    His fellow chemist asks, "why would you pay \$600.00 for that when you can get the CD for thirty?"    "Because," the nerd says, "these sound better."    But do they, really?
3	ATI launches chipset for AMD desktops The Radeon Xpress 200 has graphics performance equal to ATI's current entry-level graphics chip, the company says.
0	Kerry causing unrest in Haiti As a former longtime resident of the Bellville area, I want to enlighten you on what Sen. John Kerry #39;s leadership can cause. I have been living in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, for eight years with my family.
0	Pakistan debates bold new Musharraf plan on Kashmir ISLAMABAD : A national debate is raging in Pakistan after President Pervez Musharraf #39;s outlining of a range of bold new options for divided Kashmir that include independence, joint control with India and demilitarisation.
3	Virgin unveils  #39;iPod mini killer #39; and openly chides Apple for not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Virgin Digital has announced their own  quot;iPod mini killer, quot; the weirdly-named  quot;Virgin Electronics Player 5GB quot; which features 5GB of storage (which Virgin bills as capable of holding over 1200 songs), a built in FM tuner, weight of 3.1 ounces, and dual 
1	He'll let actions speak Since Pedro Martinez wasn't talking, leave it to Kevin Millar to clear that up.
2	Australia #39;s Westfield, Multiplex join in new offer for Britain #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Australian shopping center giant Westfield is teaming up with property group Multiplex and Aldersgate Investments to make a cash offer for Duelguide, the company which owns British developer Chelsfield.
3	Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google   \\Over the years of its existence Google gained a well-deserved reputation as the top choice for internet users. Providing a comprehensive coverage of the web and returning searched queries with great relevancy in less than a second, Google certainly is the internet rsquo;s ...
1	HARRINGTON DRAWS LEVEL Padraig Harrington took advantage of a huge mistake by Graeme McDowell to move into a share of the lead with nine holes to play at the Linde German Masters in Cologne today.
2	Wachovia Names Capital Management Head Wachovia Corp., the fourth-largest US bank, on Thursday said its capital management chief will retire from the company and be replaced by the head of the group in charge of its integration with recently acquired SouthTrust Corp.
3	Speed and Elegance in a Desktop Package With the iMac G5, Apple has pared the desktop computer down to little more than the parts that people look at and touch -- keyboard, screen and mouse.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
2	Cardinal Health to Cut Costs by Eliminating 4,200 Jobs Cardinal Health, the drug wholesaler, said Monday it would cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 manufacturing and distribution locations as part of a plan to reduce costs.
0	Bahraini Activist's Jailing Sparks Protest (AP) AP - Supporters of a Bahraini human rights worker scuffled with police and shouted slogans against the prime minister outside the court Wednesday as a judge denied bail to the activist, who is being prosecuted after criticizing the Gulf nation's leadership.
0	Bremer Says U.S. Was Short on Troops for Occupation of Iraq L. Paul Bremer assessed the first phase of the U.S. occupation by saying, "We never had enough troops on the ground."
0	Interior Ordered to Keep Indians Informed (AP) AP - A federal judge on Wednesday ordered the Interior Department to keep American Indians informed about a giant class-action lawsuit anytime they try to sell or exchange their lands or other assets.
1	A Low-Key Olympic Return for Marion Jones  ATHENS (Reuters) - Triple champion Marion Jones made a  low-key return to Olympic competition Wednesday by successfully  qualifying for Friday's women's long jump final.
3	Illinois seeks OK to buy flu shots from foreign lab Chicago -- Citing  quot;an urgent need quot; at a time of flu vaccine shortages, Illinois asked for federal permission Monday to buy at least 62,000 vaccine doses from Europe for the state #39;s nursing home residents.
0	Gay Republican Group Won't Endorse Bush -NY Times (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders of the largest group for gay\men and lesbians in the Republican Party voted overwhelmingly\against endorsing President Bush for re-election because he\favors a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage,\The New York Times said on Wednesday.
2	In Praise of Job Killers (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Dick Cheney would love our 200 growth companies (see p. 180)--they're small and they are (most of them, anyway) adding to their payrolls. The other day Cheney was singing the praises of small businesses by noting that they create seven of ten jobs in this country. This was by way of justifying tax breaks for the sort of people who own small businesses.
1	Sports: Angels 5 Rangers 3 ARLINGTON, Texas The Anaheim Angels continued their chase for the American League West division crown with a 5-to-3 win over the Texas Rangers.
0	At Inauguration, Karzai Pledges 'New Chapter' for Afghanistan Kabul was calm amid massive security for Hamid Karzai's inauguration ceremony, but overnight attacks provided a reminder of threats.
0	One billion kids  #39;miss childhood #39; A report by a kids #39; group says more than half of the children in the world are suffering because of the effects of war, poverty and the HIV virus.
1	Mariners went for an experienced manager this time After gambling on an inexperienced manager following Lou Piniella #39;s move to Tampa Bay two years ago, the Seattle Mariners decided that experience was paramount this time.
1	Pinsent Wins Fourth Gold Rower Matthew Pinsent wins his fourth gold medal Saturday after his boat edges Canada by .08 seconds in the coxless four.
0	Bush Campaign's Top Outside Lawyer Resigns An election lawyer for President Bush also has been advising a veterans group running TV ads against John Kerry.
0	Top Settlements Under False Claims Act (AP) AP - A sampling of top settlements under the False Claims Act, a law designed to stop fraud in government procurement contracts, and the whistleblowers who helped the government win the awards, and helping themselves as well.
2	French Firms Sagem, Snecma Plan Merger (Reuters) Reuters - French companies Snecma and Sagem \announced a planned 7 billion euro ( #36;8.9 billion) merger on\Friday, in a deal that analysts said was driven by political\rather than shareholder interests.
2	Federal Reserve opens meeting, tipped to raise rates WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Federal Reserve policymakers met, poised to raise key interest rates to remove some of the cheap-money stimulus washing through the economy.
2	Home sales for month robust  #39;The ongoing stimulus of lower-than-expected mortgage interest rates was the primary driver of strong home sales in October. #39;.
1	In Opener, Hoyas Are Shut Down The new coach of the Georgetown men #39;s basketball team was greeted with chants of  quot;JT3! quot; as he stepped onto the MCI Center court before the Hoyas #39; season opener against Temple last night.
1	Hamilton's career highlights Won 1999 Tour of Denmark Finished 10th in individual time trial in 2000 Olympics at Sydney
2	Business Briefs Pfizer said it has agreed to pay \$430 million to settle all lawsuits against it alleging injury from insulation products made by a subsidiary.
3	Via readies 64-bit capability for Isaiah Via Technologies Inc. will add 64-bit capabilities into Isaiah, a multimedia processor core design expected to arrive in 2006, the company plans to announce Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum in San Jose, California.
3	European Craft To Probe Possibility of Moon Colonies Instead of using a chemical rocket, SMART-1 fires a stream of electrically charged atoms of Xenon gas. A similar idea was used by the makers of Star Trek as part of the Starship Enterprise #39;s propulsion system.
1	India Needs 210 Runs to Tie Test Cricket Series With Australia India #39;s cricketers need another 210 runs today to beat Australia in the second Test in Chennai and tie their four-match series at 1-1.
2	Congress extends President #39;s tax cuts The House and Senate last night overwhelmingly voted to extend three tax cuts aimed at the middle class along with a bevy of business-tax breaks, sending President Bush a 
2	Infineon and ProMOS kiss and make up Infineon and ProMOS have finally ended a long running argument over licensing for DRAM chips. The two were part of a joint venture with Mosel Vitelic which ran from 1996.
0	Solana arrives in Sudan for talks on Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana flew into the Sudanese capital where he was expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur, amid international pressure on Khartoum over the rebellion there.
3	Update 1: Source: Film Industry Suing Computer Users Taking a cue from recording companies, Hollywood movie studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online, a source familiar with the studios #39; plans said Wednesday.
2	AT amp;T Plans More Cuts In Workforce AT amp;T Corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by \$11.
0	Presidential, parliamentary elections begin in Romania Presidential elections began early Sunday in Romania with around 18 million eligible voters expected to vote in the first round of the race.
2	Several Insurers Are Named in Lawsuit (AP) AP - Several major insurance companies are named in a class-action lawsuit alleging they conspired with California insurance broker Universal Life Resources to steer business the broker's way in exchange for kickbacks, according to court papers.
3	AMD to migrate all CPU production to 90nm SOI process in 2005 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is expected to migrate all of its CPU production to 90nm silicon-on-insulator (SOI) processes in early 2005, according to sources at Taiwan motherboard makers, citing AMDs latest roadmap.
1	Eaves gives Eages a boost Patrick Eaves scored two goals and added an assist to lead No. 1 Boston College to a 3-2 Hockey East victory over host UMass-Lowell last night at Tsongas Arena.
3	Internet Explorer Loses More Market Share (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - New data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft's share drops to 93.7 percent of the market.
2	Bankers lose US extradition fight A TEAM of NatWest investment bankers, the  #39;Enron Three #39;, today lost their fight to avoid extradition to the United States to stand trial on fraud charges.
2	Report: Southwest to cut 88 flights; local impact unclear Southwest Airlines plans to cut 88 flights from its schedule starting Oct. 31 in an effort to free up planes for more profitable markets, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
0	Do They Know It's Simplistic? Band Aid's intentions are good, but Africa needs more than just a Christmas jingle
1	WR Clayton has mixed emotions on rookie year In some ways, this is shaping up as a fine rookie season for Tampa Bay Buccaneers WR Michael Clayton, a first-round draft pick this year out of LSU.
3	PC Shipments Rise 12 Percent Worldwide (Reuters) Reuters - Shipments of personal computers\in the third quarter rose 12 percent, driven by strong\corporate demand and ongoing strength in Europe, the Middle\East and Africa, a market research firm said on Monday.
1	Russians deny interest in Everton Russian timber tycoon Boris Zingarevich #39;s company denied on Monday reports that he or his 23-year-old son was bidding for Premier League club Everton.
1	Hornets snap 11-game losing streak, top Warriors 98-89 The Hornets #39; injury epidemic gave diminutive Dan Dickau a chance to show he could play in the NBA. His latest performance made him a crowd favorite among New Orleans #39; victory-starved fans.
3	Yahoo follows Google with mobile search service Yahoo Inc. has followed Google into the mobile-search arena, launching a service that allows wireless users to query its search engine over their handsets.
1	Hurricane postpones Louisville-Tulane game until December Tulane officials have postponed Saturday #39;s football game against Louisville because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan. Tulane officials said in a statement Tuesday that the game is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of Dec. 4 at the Superdome.
3	Contraceptives plan aims to cut koala numbers Two thousand female koalas will be given contraceptives under a new management strategy announced by the Victorian Government. The action is being taken after six years of trials at Mount Eccles between Portland and Hamilton.
3	Apple Rocks with U2, Rolls Out iPod Photo (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. has hooked\up with Irish rock band U2 to launch the iPod U2 Special\Edition, a black edition of its popular digital music player\that holds up to 5,000 songs.
2	August Consumer Spending Flat Hit with soaring gasoline prices, consumers shut their wallets in August, keeping overall spending flat after a revised 1.1 percent jump in the previous month.
2	Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are set to open lower on  Monday with oil prices climbing higher and Wall Street on edge  as the Republican National Convention gets underway in New York  City amid heightened security concerns.
3	HP #39;s StorageWorks Grid Approach Makes Data Dynamic Hewlett-Packard has unveiled its storage grid architecture strategyan approach that company executives claim is faster and more efficient than comparable products and systems on the market today.
2	3M says profits surges, fails to impress market NEW YORK : US technology group 3M, which makes everything from sticky Post-it notes to medical products, announced a surge in profits but failed to impress the markets.
0	Thai killer of UK couple hunted Police in Thailand are hunting a colleague who they say is their main suspect for the murder of a British couple.
1	Stolz turns it around at Michelin Championship Last week Andre Stolz was considering coming back to Australia from the US early. He was frustrated with his progress, or rather lack of it, in 2004 and with little likelihood of a start at next week #39;s event 
2	US files WTO case vs EU for Airbus subsidies WASHINGTON (AFX) -- The US has filed a case with the World Trade Organization alleging that the European Union provides unfair government funding to Airbus, United States Trade Representative Robert Zoellick announced Wednesday.
0	Iranian nuclear plans 'unclear' The UN nuclear agency says it needs more time to decide whether Iran has a nuclear weapons programme.
0	Intelligence Bill Has Political Tinge (AP) AP - After Congress shuffled the federal bureaucracy in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks by creating the Homeland Security Department, Democrats lost control of the Senate and four seats in the House.
0	Argentina Completes Dream Team's Downfall ATHENS, Greece - Bronze is the best the American men's basketball team can do, and the reason is simple: They were beaten by a better team, Argentina. Manu Ginobili scored 29 points to lead his nation to another victory over the country that used to dominate the sport, an 89-81 win in the Olympic semifinals Friday night...
1	Rookie Back Set to Start for Cardinals (AP) AP - If Emmitt Smith can't go on Sunday in Detroit, undrafted rookie Larry Croom will start at running back for the Arizona Cardinals.
2	Blue Chips Near Flat; Verizon Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Tuesday,  as a drop in phone company Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  overshadowed a brokerage upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;  and a three-session drop in oil prices.
3	PayPal problems continue DESPITE furious repair efforts, intermittent service outages at the online payment service PayPal continued Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, affecting payments, log-ins and account creations.
2	Halliburton posts loss, meagre pickings in Iraq HOUSTON, Texas, Oct 26 (AFP) - Halliburton, the oil services giant once run by US Vice President Dick Cheney, Tuesday reported a quarterly loss and only meagre pickings from its vast operations in Iraq.
2	FRENCH RAIDER MAY PUSH FOR HAVAS SALE The stakes are getting higher for one of the advertising industry #39;s biggest holding companies. With talk of a sale or breakup of France #39;s Havas, reports emerged yesterday 
3	SBC to Launch Local Internet-Based Calling in 2005  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will  introduce an Internet-based calling service for its local  telephone customers early next year and will consider offering  the service nationally later, the company said on Tuesday.
2	US to appeal against WTO ruling The United States will appeal a World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruling that US cotton subsidies violate international trading rules, charging that the verdict was based on erroneous findings.
1	Geiberger grabs top spot at Chrysler Classic Greensboro, NC (Sports Network) - Brent Geiberger posted a five-under 67 on Friday to move into the lead after the second round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
3	New gaming star Like millions of video-game freaks, I spent a chunk of the past week making my bones as a low-level gangsta in the alternate universe of  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
3	Fossil Hunters Find Sleeping Dinosaur in China Scientists have unearthed the remains of a perfectly preserved 130 million-year-old new species of dinosaur which provide a first-ever look at how the prehistoric creatures slept.
3	MS Releases XP SP2 App Testing Guide Enterprise developers looking for a guide to test applications against the new Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) are getting some help from Microsoft (Quote, Chart).
0	Views clash: hero, rogue Yasser Arafat, fighting for his life in a French hospital Thursday, triggered a war of words about his legacy: Palestinians hailed a freedom fighter who saved them from national extinction; Jewish leaders welcomed the imminent death of a terrorist.
0	Sharon Presents Gaza Pullout Timetable Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presents a detailed timetable for Israel #39;s withdrawal from most of the Gaza Strip.
3	\$12.5m grant offers teachers a science primer In a third-floor classroom at Charlestown High School, where models of human and animal skulls perch on a shelf near creature-filled specimen jars, teacher Allyson 
2	Ellision: Oracle to  #39;oversupport #39; PeopleSoft customer SAN FRANCISCO - Business software maker Oracle Corp. will do everything it can to support PeopleSoft Inc. customers, who are vital to the success of Oracle #39;s proposed \$9.2 billion takeover of PeopleSoft, Oracle 
3	IM Threat Center Formed IMlogic has joined with leaders in the instant messaging and security community to create a new IM Threat Center. The center claims to be the first broad-based initiative to help IM users protect themselves against malware threats.
3	Turmeric May Protect Against Leukemia -Scientist (Reuters) Reuters - Turmeric, a spice used extensively in\Asia as a key ingredient of curry, may be protecting children\against leukemia, a scientist said on Thursday.
2	Cott Q3 earnings slip; company cuts guidance TORONTO - Rising costs at its US operations pulled down third-quarter earnings at Cott Corp., the soft drink company reported Wednesday.
3	Pilots to pluck space capsule from air The Genesis space capsule carrying solar wind particles will be plucked from nearly a mile above the Utah desert by stunt helicopter pilots whove replicated the retrieval, without fumbles, in nearly a dozen practice runs.
3	Yahoo #39;s New Year #39;s Resolution: Desktop Search Yahoo Inc. will enter the desktop-search field in early January. According to the company #39;s top search executive, Yahoo expects to quickly integrate its various online services into the product.
2	California Calls the Shots California is enacting environmental legislation that could shape the U.S. auto market.
1	Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 6 (Sports Network) - Two of the top teams in the American League tangle in a possible American League Division Series preview tonight, as the West-leading Oakland Athletics host the wild card-leading Boston Red Sox for the first of a three-game set at the 
1	'72 Dolphins Dismayed by Winless Team (AP) AP - The only NFL franchise to achieve a perfect season now has the league's lone winless team.
0	Malaysia's AirAsia plans to fly to China by February: report (AFP) AFP - Malaysia's AirAsia plans to begin flying to China by February, which will open up a giant market for the no-frills carrier as it heads for a listing in less than two weeks, a report said.
1	Chiefs Sputter to 10-7 Halftime Lead over Panthers In what was a sloppy game on both sides of the ball, the Chiefs take a 10-7 halftime lead in their season opener against the Panthers in Arrowhead.
3	Voyager Capital Becomes the First Venture Firm to Join the Open &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Voyager Capital, a leading Pacific Northwest information technology venture firm, has announced it is the first venture firm to join the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL), an Oregon-based organization dedicated to accelerating the growth and adoption of 
0	Arsenal gunning to equal unbeaten record and take on Europe (AFP) AFP - English Premiership champions Arsenal play their first home game of the new season against Middlesbrough hoping to extend their unbeaten run to 42 league games, equalling a 26-year-old record.
3	U.S. Barred From Weakening Dolphin Rules (AP) AP - In a victory for environmentalists, a federal judge ruled Tuesday that the Bush administration cannot change the standards commercial fisheries must meet before the tuna they catch can carry the "dolphin-safe" label.
1	UNH squelches Merrimack Junior defenseman Jacob Micflikier scored a pair of goals and Preston Callander had three assists as the University of New Hampshire men's team handed Merrimack a 4-1 Hockey East loss last night in North Andover.
3	Update 1: Technical Problems Subside at PayPal Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
3	Faqs! Facts! Fax! I read with interest the recent Boot Camp article on the new Service Pack (SP2) for Windows XP. I have a dial-up connection to the Internet so I imagine that it would be impossible to download such a large file.
2	US-EU talks on Airbus subsidies fail The EU and US moved closer to an aviation trade war after failing to reach agreement during talks Thursday on subsidies to Airbus Industrie.
0	U.N. Envoy Says Rights Violations Continue in Myanmar  BANGKOK (Reuters) - A top U.N. rights envoy condemned on  Wednesday the arrest and jailing of opposition activists in  military-ruled Myanmar and said he had received credible  reports of rights violations in border areas.
3	Sun's OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company will launch an OpenSolaris site on Friday, but an open-source version of Sun's operating system is still a long way off.
3	Earliest Unhatched-Bird Fossil Found #151;Old as Dinosaurs A 121-million-year-old fossil of an unhatched bird has been found in China. The fossil suggests early bird species, like dinosaurs, were well developed at birth, scientists say.
1	Hopkins leaves chink in the Golden Boy #39;s armor On paper, it looked like a matchup of youth against age. It even appeared it could have been one of those classic boxer-versus-slugger wars.
3	Computer People Reopen Art History Dispute David Hockney's controversial theory that early Renaissance painters used cameralike devices has been challenged by researchers using digital techniques.
2	Fremont settles SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fremont Investment Advisors agreed Thursday to pay \$4.1 million to settle federal and state regulatory allegations that it permitted market timing and late trading in its funds.
1	Athletics: She #39;s the Bahamas #39; darling ATHENS - Tonique Williams-Darling has claimed the Bahamas #39; first individual athletics gold by blasting to the women #39;s 400m title.
2	Greece's Olympic bill doubles Hosting the 2004 Olympics cost Greece 9bn euros, twice the original estimate, the country's finance minister says.
2	Danes win auction for Irish banks The sale of National Australia Bank #39;s Irish businesses reached a surprise conclusion yesterday when Denmark #39;s Danske Bank clinched a 967m takeover.
2	Report: Ex-Qwest Chief May Face Charges Former Qwest Communications chief executive Joseph Nacchio reportedly may soon face civil charges related to improper accounting at the telecommunications company.
2	Time will pay \$510m in AOL settlement TIME WARNER has agreed to pay \$510 million (262 million) to settle claims that America Online (AOL), its internet division, overstated its earnings capacity.
3	AMD rolls out PIC It #39;s called a  quot;personal Internet communicator, quot; described as an affordable and simple way to connect to the Internet, and it #39;s being marketed by Sunnyvale #39;s Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
1	Olympics: Marathon saps the toughest The gruelling trudge from Marathon to Athens killed a man, or so the legend goes. Yesterday, it trampled the spirit of women who dared to attempt it in the heat of Athens.
2	Mutual fund votes show limits to change When corporate America came looking for raises last year, Boston #39;s largest mutual funds routinely turned them down, voting in hundreds of cases against lucrative 
3	New IE Exploit Spoofs Web Sites Security researchers have uncovered a spoofing flaw in Internet Explorer that could turn out to be the perfect holiday gift for scammers.
0	Canadian Dollar Jumps to 12-Year High; Job Gains Above Forecast Canada #39;s dollar surged past 83 US cents to a new 12-year high as a higher-than-forecast jobs report added to speculation the central bank needs to keep lifting its target interest rate.
1	Sparks Prevail Down the Stretch SEATTLE, Sept. 19 (Ticker) -- The top teams in the Western Conference didn #39;t look like they had nothing to play for. Nikki Teasley scored 21 points to lead all five starters scored in double figures as the 
3	Agency: Less Than 30 Chinese Tigers Left in Wild (Reuters) Reuters - South China tigers, among the rarest of\the five remaining tiger subspecies, are on the verge of\extinction in the wild with less than 30 remaining, Xinhua news\agency said on Friday, citing a recent survey.
3	Toyota, Nissan Join to Standardize Car Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co.\will join hands in a bid to save costs and create an\international standard for the software that operates a car's\electronic systems.
3	Virgin launches into online music SIR Richard Branson has become the latest big name to move into the online music world. The British entrepreneur has launched a Virgin Digital music service in America, joining a long list of mainly technology companies in the crowded download market.
1	Bucks Edge Past Hornets 94-91 Milwaukee Bucks #39; Erick Strickland is fouled by New Orleans Hornets #39; Lee Nailon as he puts up a shot during the fourth quarter Saturday, Nov. 13, 2004, in Milwaukee.
2	Antispam effort dealt setback A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
3	Breaking free from energy dependence Ray Kopp enjoyed tooling around in a hydrogen- powered Honda prototype vehicle so much that, for a moment, he pictured driving one home.
0	Europe, Islam #39;s New Front Line: The Netherlands Description: In the Netherlands, the recent murder of controversial filmmaker Theo Van Gogh by a Muslim extremist has revealed a climate of mistrust and fear between Muslims and traditional Dutch society.
0	Iraqi delegation arrives in Iran The Iraqi deputy prime minister arrived Sunday in the Tehran, Iran, a day later than planned, the BBC reported. Deputy Prime Minister Barham Saleh was part of a high-level political 
1	Free agent Pavano chooses Yanks Carl Pavano has made his long-awaited decision, instructing his agent to strike a deal with the New York Yankees. Scott Shapiro, who represents the free agent right-hander 
0	House Votes to End Handgun Ban in D.C. (AP) AP - The House voted Wednesday to end a 28-year ban on handgun ownership in the nation's capital, brushing aside pleas from city officials concerned about a surge in violence and more heavily armed criminals.
2	EU is seen allowing Oracle deal BRUSSELS The European Commission is expected Tuesday to approve Oracle #39;s \$8 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft without conditions attached, a person briefed on the investigation said Monday.
2	Fannie Mae to expand securities disclosures US mortgage finance company Fannie Mae on Friday said it would make public information about some securities it issues to comply with new Securities and Exchange Information rules.
0	Iran Defies Demand of Nuke Watchdog Agency VIENNA, Austria - Defying a key demand set by 35 nations, Iran announced Tuesday it has started converting raw uranium into the gas needed for enrichment, a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons.    Iran's president, Mohammad Khatami, vowed his country will press ahead with its nuclear program - which he insisted is peaceful - even if it means a rupture with the U.N...
3	Top US cyber-security official resigns WASHINGTON -- The nations top cyber-security official has resigned unexpectedly, raising new questions about the progress of efforts to protect the nations vast computer networks from terror attacks, electronic viruses and other threats, government 
3	Intel  amp; nVidia Sign Sweeping Licensing Agreement Intel and graphics processing vendor nVidia said today that they have signed a wide-ranging technology sharing pact that will let nVidia use Intels front-side bus (FSB) technology.
3	Group plans repeat of Kon-Tiki voyage OSLO: Nearly 60 years after Norwegian adventurer Thor Heyerdahl and five others crossed the Pacific on their Kon-Tiki raft, six men will attempt to redo the feat next year, the head of the expedition said on Monday.
2	Supreme court approves UFJ-Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial merger talks NEW YORK, August 30 (New Ratings) - Japan #39;s Supreme Court has reportedly approved the merger negotiations between UFJ Holdings Inc (ticker: UFJ) and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group (MTFG).
1	NHL talks break off, lockout all but certain The NHL and the players association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off Thursday after the union #39;s first new proposal in nearly a year.
1	Sorenstam #39;s putt sets up big pay day LA QUINTA, Calif. - Annika Sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from Tiger Woods. Her putt kept \$250,000 in play in the Skins Game.
2	AGL retreat from NZ energy market The Australian Gas Light Company (AGL) today announced its was ending its 12 year long involvement in the New Zealand energy sector with the \$750 miillion sale of its 66.
3	Browser Flaw Leaves Online Shoppers Open to Phishing Scam Security firm Secunia reported that the vulnerability affects nearly all browsers, including Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Konqueror, Opera, Netscape and Safari.
3	Gartner cuts fourth-quarter PC forecast Budget competition from other consumer electronics devices is among factors lowering sales estimates.
2	Williams-Sonoma profit up on Pottery Barn SAN FRANCISCO -- Williams-Sonoma Inc. Thursday said its profit rose 19 percent in the latest quarter, helped by brisk Pottery Barn business and a new link in the supply chain that strengthened furniture sales.
1	Russia #39;s Korzhanenko wins women #39;s shot put; American favorites eliminated US medal favorites John Godina and Reese Hoffa were eliminated from the shot put competition, ending hopes of an American sweep. 
3	IBM unveils new Shark and midrange array IBM has unveiled two new enterprise-class storage arrays which, despite being aimed at different markets, can be managed through a single interface and data can be replicated between them.
2	A statistical nod to cubicle workers They are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. Some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.
1	SWEAT AND TEARS Devers, Radcliffe can #39;t finish; Kastor overjoyed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens -- Two of the greatest female track and field athletes in history crashed and burned within two minutes of each other on a dramatic Sunday night of competition at the Olympic Games.
3	US reveals anti-piracy proposals A new report calls for the creation of new anti-piracy offices across the US, Europe and Asia.
3	Sun Plans to Call on Lenovo After IBM Deal-CEO Scott McNealy is looking forward to making an early sales call on Lenovo #39;s new CEO as soon as the company #39;s \$1.25 billion deal to buy IBM #39;s PC business closes, the Sun Microsystems CEO said on Wednesday.
3	Worried About Missing Your Favorite Show? Just Pull Out Your Cell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Texas Instruments, a company well-known for its calculators, says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
0	Abbas says intifada was mistake Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian leader campaigning to succeed Yasser Arafat in elections next month, said the four-year-old armed uprising against Israel was a mistake and must end.
2	Airline passengers face tighter security checks WASHINGTON -- Starting next week, all airline passengers must take off their jackets before passing through metal detectors and more will be subjected to pat-down searches and checks for explosives, the Transportation Security Administration said yesterday.
3	NASA prepares for future risk As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station.
3	Red Hat patch update a malicious hoax An e-mail disguised as a Red Hat patch update is a fake designed to trick users into downloading malware, the Linux vendor warned in a message on its Web site.
3	Swift Probe Successfully Launched Image: NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft lifts off from Complex 17A, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in sunny Florida, on Nov. 20 at 12:16:00.611 pm EST aboard a Boeing Delta II expendable launch vehicle.
1	Sox named Sportsmen of Year by SI com. After vanquishing a so-called curse to win the World Series, the Red Sox don #39;t figure to have any problems with the fabled Sports Illustrated cover jinx.
0	UN staff, foreigners to be evacuated from Ivory Coast France will begin evacuating its nationals and other Europeans from Ivory Coast starting Wednesday, the spokesman of French forces in the troubled west African country said.
2	Mylan Shares Up As Drug Stocks Close Down Mylan Laboratories Inc. was one of the few drug makers whose stock closed up Friday with the sector down for a second day as fresh squabbles between veteran financier Carl Icahn and the company #39;s board erupted.
3	Kurzweil's Quest for Eternal Youth  Sets Buzz Inventor Ray Kurzweil takes 250 nutritional supplements a day in his quest to live long enough to reap the benefits he expects from biotechnology. He says he's trying to reprogram his body, like he would his computer. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Al-Qaida suspect killed in Pakistan raid Paramilitary police killed a suspected top al-Qaida operative Sunday in a four-hour gunbattle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said.
0	US military hopeful UN hostages in Afghanistan will be released &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL : A murky Taliban splinter group holding three UN hostages in Afghanistan for three weeks was silent after the hostages #39; families plead for their freedom, but the US military was hopeful they were alive and would be safely released.
1	SC stays appointment of Justice Mohan The Supreme Court today stayed the Madras High Court order appointing Justice (retd) S Mohan as the Interim Administrator of BCCI.
0	Macau #39;s leader wins second term Macau #39;s leader Edmund Ho has won the approval of the Chinese enclave #39;s elite to rule for a second five-year term. Mr Ho won 296 out of 300 possible votes from the Beijing-approved committee of politicians and businessmen.
3	No Go-Ahead Stamp for Microsoft #39;s Passport Microsoft is recasting ambitions for its .Net Passport identification system, saying the service now will be limited to its own online offerings and those of close partners.
3	Microsoft Unveils Software to Find Files Microsoft Corp. on Monday joined the battle for supremacy in so-called desktop search, introducing software for quickly locating files on personal computers that challenges Google's two-month-old rival product.
3	Cisco guns for datacentres Cisco Systems aimed straight for datacentres yesterday at its annual worldwide analyst conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better moved into the network.
1	Expansion Alters Format With the expansion of the ACC, the men's basketball schedule will not incorporate the double round robin format in which each school plays every other twice.
3	Vonage VoIP service The Bad: Not cheap, when you add the cost of Internet access; no service during power outages; no 911 emergency service. The Verdict: You may not want to give up your regular phone line, but Vonage #39;s VOIP service is very handy.
3	Easy Listening from New Download Service Greek entrepreneur Stelios Haji-Iouannou said today he was expanding his Easy business empire with a new online music download service.
1	Mich. State Routs No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 (AP) AP - Michigan State used a powerful rushing attack, a trick play and a key defensive stand to defeat No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 Saturday and knock the Badgers out of the national championship race.
3	AOL to Be Split Into Four America Online Inc. Monday put new leaders in senior posts and revamped its corporate structure in a sweeping overhaul.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt; -The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	Research: PC Market Poised for Shakeup (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Three top 10 PC manufacturers -- \IBM (NYSE: IBM), Hewlett-Packard and one unnamed company -- may abandon the market in the next three years as consolidation takes hold, according to recent research from Gartner.
3	Tourist's Guide To Driving Around Washington D.C. So you've decided that want to travel to The Capital of Teh Free World to see the sights, and possibly engage in a Constitutionally Protected Protest. You've also decided that it would more convenient, or less expensive, to drive. There are a few things you should be aware of before you come to our fine metro region.
3	DEVICES: T-Mobile Germany revealed SDA and SDA Music Smartphones Today, T-Mobile Germany officially revealed the launch of the SDA and the new SDA Music Smartphones, based on Windows Mobile 2003.
3	Panasonic Unveils International 3G Cell Phone (PC World) PC World - Clamshell-style WCDMA phone packs a browser, e-mail software, and two cameras.
3	New bird species discovered in Babuyan Island A NEW bird species, which is believed to be found nowhere else in the world, has been discovered on the remote island of Calayan, 70 km north of Luzon. 
1	Wirdheim off to America Sweden #39;s Bjorn Wirdheim, who was Jaguar Racing #39;s test and reserve driver will not be continuing with Red Bull Racing. Wirdheim had been due to run in the test at Barcelona and at Jerez but the team has now decided to continue with Vitantonio Liuzzi.
1	Host riding high before facing US in key World Cup qualifier BOSTON (Ticker) -- The United States men #39;s soccer team faces Panama in a potentially contentious and definitely critical World Cup qualifying match Wednesday night in Panama City.
1	Schumi still looking ahead, not back Michael Schumacher has never cared much about statistics and numbers, but he wouldn #39;t mind if all the right numbers came together during this weekend #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.
3	Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: How Do You Compete With the Fortune 500s - Google Prices Stock at \$85 Per Share - MSN Block-Level Link Analysis - Slickest Link Building Tricks - Your Message to New SEOs - How To Handle AdWords With Thousands Of Keywords
1	Key New England games NORTHEASTERN (2-1) vs. WILLIAM  amp; MARY (2-1) When/where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., Williamsburg, Va. Radio: WJIB (740 AM). Last season: NU won, 48-14. Comments: The Huskies crushed Towson last Saturday, 27-3. Senior FS Gavin Potter was named Atlantic 10 defensive player of the week for his 10-tackle, 2-interception, 1-sack game. Junior TB Anthony Riley had 117 rushing yards. William  amp; Mary ...
2	Air Wars I Howard Stern shocked his 12 million listeners again, not with raunchy banter but with news that he #39;ll be moving to Sirius Satellite Radio, where federal indecency rules don #39;t apply.
2	Lies and the Lying C.E.O.'s Who Tell Them Testimony in the case of Oracle v. PeopleSoft last week turned to the issue of corporate lies, and it spoke volumes about the time we live in.
3	Pulp Fiction writer sues Microsoft Pulp Fiction co-writer Roger Avary is suing Microsoft, accusing the software giant of stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.
2	ATA Files for Bankruptcy Protection  CHICAGO (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent of  struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for  Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring  fuel prices drained it of cash.
2	Judge: Oracle, PeopleSoft Drawn Closer  WILMINGTON, Del. (Reuters) - The trial pitting software  giant Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; against unwilling takeover target  PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; ended on Friday with a Delaware  judge's comment that recent developments seemed to have drawn  the bitter rivals closer together.
1	Champion Skater Injured in Fall to Ice 10/25/04- A world champion Russian figure skater is recovering after she was dropped on the ice by her partner during a performance.
2	US Airways Pilots Offer Final Talks The leadership of the pilots' union at US Airways voted late last night to hold last-ditch talks with the airline on its bid for wage and benefit cuts.
1	Four Secure European Ryder Cup Spots (AP) AP - England's Ian Poulter, Paul Casey and David Howell, and Irishman Paul McGinley secured spots on Europe's Ryder Cup team at the BMW International on Sunday.
1	Rams Defeat Buccaneers 28-21 (AP) AP - Looks like the Greatest Show on Turf is in high gear  #151; on offense and defense. Torry Holt caught two long touchdown passes and Adam Archuleta returned a fumble 93 yards Monday night, keying the Rams' 28-21 victory over Tampa Bay.
1	No. 10 Va. Tech Wins ACC Championship (AP) AP - Virginia Tech can now proclaim itself the Atlantic Coast Conference's best team  #151; and no one can argue.
2	CA Settles Accounting Scandal; Kumar Indicted Computer Associates International channel partners Wednesday said the company #39;s settlement with federal prosecutors and the indictment of former CEO Sanjay Kumar was little more than the latest curiosity in the ongoing saga of CA #39;s legal woes.
0	EU, Iran to Meet Again on Nuclear Offer (Reuters) Reuters - French, British and German officials are\due to meet Iranian negotiators on Wednesday to discuss a\European proposal that Tehran scrap its uranium enrichment\program in exchange for nuclear technology.
2	Accredo Cuts '05 Forecast, Stock Plummets (Reuters) Reuters - Accredo Health Inc. (ACDO.O), which\provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with\chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to\lower reimbursements from government insurers, sending its\shares down almost 25 percent.
1	Earnhardt cusses up a controversy Two fresh tires helped Dale Earnhardt Jr. win the EA Sports 500 at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway yesterday, but a four-letter word he said in Victory Lane might cost him the points lead.
0	Nigeria Troops Leave For Darfur Nigeria sent over 100 troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region on Monday, its contribution to a joint force with Rwanda protecting African Union cease-fire observers.
2	Microsoft Steps Into the Ring  quot;Compared to iTunes, Microsoft #39;s music store currently offers only half the songs and is missing many features, but its biggest problem may be that its downloaded songs do not play on iPod, iPod 
0	Pak wants better ties with SAARC states: PM KATHMANDU: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has said Pakistan wanted better relations with the South Asian nations and would do whatever possible to bring peace, security and progress in the entire region.
1	Where can O #39;Neill go from here? Celtic may be out of Europe before Christmas for the first time in four years but their exit after the brave 0-0 draw with AC Milan had a familiar ring to it.
0	Iraq Force Likely to Grow Officials say they will need a further increase in combat forces to put down remaining areas of resistance.
0	Brazil School Bus Accident Kills 16 (AP) AP - A school bus swerved off a narrow road and plunged into a reservoir early Wednesday, killing at least 16 children in southern Brazil, a firefighter said.
3	Sonic Mega Collection Plus Ships Sega of America today announced that Sonic Mega Collection Plus for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 has shipped to retail outlets across North America.
2	NASD Bars Ex-Banker Quattrone for Life  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD on Monday permanently barred  convicted former star technology banker Frank Quattrone from  the securities industry for refusing to testify about his  possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
0	Stocks Are Set to Open Lower NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen lower at the open Thursday as traders get a handle on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Wednesday...
1	Basketball: U.S. Women Win After a Tough Test  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team had their sternest test of the Olympic tournament so far  Friday, needing an eight point run in the third quarter to pull  away and beat Spain 71-58.
3	Door open for silicon replacement A breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in chips for devices.
0	EU nations slam Tiger rebels as fresh killings dim Sri Lanka peace hopes (AFP) AFP - European Union nations criticised Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels for killing rivals and recruiting child soldiers, appealing to the guerrillas not to undermine the Island's Norwegian-led peace bid.
2	Black aide attacks Hollinger report DAVID Radler, former chief operating officer of Hollinger International and right-hand man to Lord Black, has savaged the special report that claimed they had  #39;looted #39; the publishing company of more than \$400m (223m.
0	Headscarf row mars Turkey's 81st birthday (AFP) AFP - Turkey celebrated the 81st anniversary of its foundation, but the festivities were marred by an embargo that President Ahmet Necdet Sezer slapped on women with Islamic headscarves at a reception in his palace.
0	EU Expects Turkey to Initial Deal on Cyprus Friday  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expects Turkey to  initial an accord on Friday giving Cyprus de facto recognition  and sign it before Ankara opens EU membership talks on Oct. 3,  2005, a draft final summit statement said on Friday.
0	Car Rams Entrance of Japanese Parliament A car rammed into the entrance gate of Japan #39;s lower house of Parliament on Thursday and burst into flames. There were no immediate reports of injuries.
2	Shell bosses in a charm offensive THE senior management of Royal Dutch/Shell is starting a whirlwind tour of shareholders and staff. They aim to boost morale and explain plans to unify the company ahead of the vote on the shake-up at next May #39;s annual general meeting.
2	Intel: Half-billion on a chip Intel Corp. is on track to introduce the world #39;s most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said.
1	Hill brings magic back to NBA (The Sporting News) The Sporting News - The day after the colossal mess into which his team landed in Detroit, Pacers coach Rick Carlisle paused to say something most in attendance tolerated impatiently. Indiana was preparing to face Orlando, and Carlisle said unprovoked, "It will be good to see Grant Hill. To me, he is an important athlete. He is a great guy, and to see him out there, it's great."
0	Holes found in Windows update Security firms are starting to find loopholes and bugs in the SP2 security update for Windows XP.
1	Energy keen to light up Europe Zimbabwe goalkeeper Energy Murambadoro believes it is only a matter of time before he gets a dream move to a top European club. Murambadoro, selected as one of the best players of the 2004 African Cup of Nations 
0	Bush on top ahead of Republican convention, despite Iraq, economic woes (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush campaigned in Florida ahead of his party's convention, on top in the polls but battered by negative economic news and a situation in Iraq he admits he miscalculated.
0	Myanmar Extends Suu Kyi House Arrest - Opposition (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi\has been told by police she is being held under house arrest\under a law which allows for such detention for up to a year,\an opposition spokesman said Monday.
1	Transsexual breaks new ground on womens tour Denmark #39;s Mianne Bagger yesterday made history by becoming the first transsexual woman to earn a place on the on next year #39;s Robe di Kappa Ladies #39; European Tour.
1	Tough Leftwich Ready for Showdown at Indy (AP) AP - Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich doesn't understand why his teammates and coaches rave about his toughness. Sure, there was the memorable shin injury he played through at Marshall in 2002  #151; when his linemen had to carry him downfield after big gains against Akron. Then there was the bruised shoulder and sprained ankle he played through last weekend against Kansas City.
3	California warns on massive ID theft Names, addresses, telephone and Social Security numbers, and the birth dates of as many as 1.4 million Californians, may have been stolen by the hackers who broke into a university computer in August.
1	Cardinals get kicks in finale TEMPE, Ariz. -- Neil Rackers kicked four field goals and the Arizona Cardinals stifled rookie Chris Simms and the rest of the Tampa Bay offense for a 12-7 victory yesterday in a matchup of two sputtering teams out of playoff contention. Coach Jon Gruden's team lost its fourth in a row to finish 5-11, Tampa Bay's worst record since going ...
0	Car Bomber Attacks Near Baghdad Green Zone (Reuters) Reuters - A suspected suicide car bomb detonated\near a police station beside the protected Green Zone in\Baghdad on Saturday, the latest strike in a guerrilla campaign\to undermine Iraq's inexperienced security forces.
3	MP3 Creator Warns Tech Impasse Dooming Downloads (Reuters) Reuters - Rival technologies that baffle consumers\will run more companies out of business in the nascent music\download market than will head-to-head competition, one of the\lead creators of MP3 playback technology warned on Wednesday.
1	Thrown for a Loss Considered an early Super Bowl contender, the Chiefs come to Baltimore on Monday still looking for their first win.
3	A Cure For IPod Withdrawal If, like me, you travel everywhere with your Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) iPod, you #39;re painfully aware of the need to carry some kind of charger, whether is a dock connected to a PC running Microsoft #39;s (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people 
2	New EU Members to Transition Smoothly The European Union #39;s head office on Wednesday predicted a smooth transition to the euro in the 10 new EU nations that are hoping to adopt the common currency by 2010.
0	Quickly World NEW YORK - Former US president Bill Clinton was recovering yesterday after a successful heart bypass surgery at the New York-Presbyterian Hospital, a hospital source told Reuters.
3	Enter your e-mail: Word on the Web is that Google may be thinking of releasing a Web browser--possibly one based on the open-source Mozilla code. The company now owns www.
3	Microsoft changes Sender ID, AOL back on board Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal this week by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online (AOL).
1	Ajax make point to grab UEFA slot AMSTERDAM, Netherlands -- Ajax Amsterdam qualified for the UEFA Cup after finishing third in Champions League Group C with a 2-2 draw against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
1	Jets get their timing down CLEVELAND -- This week, the New York Jets beat the clock. Quincy Carter threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins with 5:32 remaining as the Jets bounced back from an embarrassing loss with an ugly 10-7 win over the Cleveland Browns yesterday.
2	Google Wins Battle With Geico Unlike Overture (Yahoo!) who settled out of court with insurance company Geico, Google didn #39;t buckle and today won a major legal victory with a US federal court.
2	Dutch Firm Beats Apple to Punch A music retailer from the Netherlands beats Apple by launching a download service in Europe's latest market battleground. Also: Movie industry wrests agreement from defunct company.... Microsoft challenges Photoshop   hellip;. and more.
2	DreamWorks IPO Surges DreamWorks #39; IPO was expected to raise more than US\$812 million in the first IPO by a major movie studio in seven years. Earlier this month, the company debuted  quot;Shark Tale, quot; and it has become a hit generating 
2	Martha Stewart Asks to Begin Sentence as Soon as Possible Martha Stewart said that she has decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need to "reclaim her life."
0	Former Restaurant Inspector Loses Lawsuit (AP) AP - A former restaurant inspector for France's famed Michelin Red Guide  #151; fired for revealing how it awards its coveted stars to the nation's best chefs  #151; lost a lawsuit Tuesday alleging wrongful dismissal, a Michelin lawyer said.
0	Israel eases its stance on Gaza Strip Israel reversed course yesterday and said it might coordinate next year #39;s Gaza Strip pullout with the Palestinian Authority if the Palestinians crack down on militants, a sign that 
3	Microsoft Issues 5 Important Security Bulletins For its  quot;Patch Tuesday quot; this month, Microsoft delivered five security bulletins for what it called  quot;important quot; security flaws, including one publicly known flaw in the Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS).
0	Schroeder  quot;adopts Russian girl quot; BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his wife, Doris, have adopted a 3-year-old Russian girl, German newspapers have reported. 
1	Gridiron prediction: Kerry WASHINGTON _ Forget the polls, the football verdict is in and it goes to John Kerry. In every presidential election since 1936, the Washington Redskins #39; last home game before the election has accurately predicted the winner.
1	NFL Game Preview The Indianapolis Colts will be in search of their fourth consecutive win on Sunday, when Tony Dungy #39;s crew welcomes the Oakland Raiders to the RCA Dome.
1	Warner named Giants #39; starter New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin Sunday named Kurt Warner the team #39;s starting quarterback for the season opener at Philadelphia Sept.
1	Knicks Make a So-So Climb Into First Place The Atlantic Division may be mediocre, but the Knicks can claim a modest achievement early in their season - they are in first place.
1	Former NFL player killed in crash Travel is back to normal on the Thruway Friday morning after an accident that stopped or slowed traffic from Herkimer all the way to Schenectady.
2	GM to Close Van Factory In Baltimore General Motors Corp. said yesterday that it will shut its 70-year-old van factory in southeast Baltimore next year, confirming a closure that some 1,100 workers have long expected but that state officials had hoped to stave off.
0	Europe Sets Deadline for Iran on Weapons BERLIN - Europe's major powers have agreed to set a November deadline on Iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available Saturday to The Associated Press.    The draft resolution was prepared by France, Germany and Britain for Monday's start of a key meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the U.N...
2	ADB to help improve air quality in Indonesia MANILA (DPA): The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said on Monday it would help improve air quality in Indonesia through a US\$700,000 technical assistance grant.
2	Marsh  amp; McClennan CEO quits The head of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., the nation #39;s largest insurance broker, resigned Monday, clearing the way for the settlement of bid-rigging charges brought by New York #39;s attorney general.
3	Sacked, and now they're back (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - XM Satellite Radio kicks off talk shows today featuring Bob Edwards, the husky-voiced National Public Radio star whose dismissal last spring caused an uproar from loyal listeners, and shock jocks Opie and Anthony, who were silenced two years ago after staging a stunt involving a couple having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York.
1	Olympic joy in Greek, Chinese press Newspapers in Greece reflect a mixture of exhilaration that the Athens Olympics proved successful, and relief that they passed off without any major setback.
0	Text Message Leads Police to Killers (AP) AP - A Belgian teenager fired off a mobile phone text message to her father that his live-in girlfriend was trying to kill her in a plea for help just before she died, authorities said.
2	US Airways goes to court to void labor contracts US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) goes to court on Thursday to throw out labor contracts and union pension plans to save \$750 million annually and survive past January.
0	Jordan #39;s Abdullah: Iraq not ready for Jan. election King Abdullah of Jordan, one of the United States key allies in the Middle East, has come out strongly against holding elections in Iraq in January.
3	Bad news (and good) on Arctic warming NEW YORK The first thorough assessment of a decades-long Arctic warming trend shows the region is undergoing profound changes, including sharp retreats of glaciers and sea ice, thawing of permafrost, and shifts in ocean and atmospheric conditions that are 
2	Funds: What's Ahead for Fund Investors? (Reuters) Reuters - This decade has been a tough\one for fund investors. The average stock fund has lost almost\6 percent annually since the beginning of 2000, a return that\encompasses huge losses from 2000 through 2002 and big gains in\2003.
3	Missing Link to Life Found? Mount St. Helens #39; recent eruption may be replaying a scene straight from the geochemical drama that led to life on Earth. Besides ash and lava, most volcanoes 
2	Away on Business: Hold the Phone  CHICAGO (Reuters) - At first glance, paying \$13 or \$14 for  a hard-wired Internet laptop connection in a hotel room might  seem expensive.
3	Induce Act remains locked up in Committee Yesterday we reported that the Senate Judiciary Committee would be taking up the Induce Act once again. They did so this morning, and the bill failed to advance because of strong opposition from the technology 
3	Bolt explosion could delay next Soyuz launch The explosion of a bolt could have damaged the Soyuz spacecraft set to carry a new crew to the International Space Station, and the Russian space agency says resulting safety 
1	SFA DELAY MOLDOVA DECISION The Scottish Football Association will focus their attention on the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Wednesday before deciding on any action for the game in Moldova next month.
2	HK conglomerate Hutchison #39;s first half net profit up 106 percent HONG KONG : Hutchison Whampoa, the ports-to-telecoms conglomerate owned by Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing, reported its first half net profit rose 106 percent to HK\$12.5b (US\$1.6b). 
2	A Seismic Shift Under the House of Fannie Mae FROM a compulsively neat desk inside a company that routinely jousts with powerful critics from the White House, Congress, the Federal Reserve and Wall Street, J. Timothy Howard has been the financial architect of one of the world #39;s most formidable and 
2	Artworks Rushed to Auctions as Houses Expect Heated Sales Collectors have consigned hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of art for the November sales in New York.
3	Technology Rules in 'World of Tomorrow' You'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self-respecting geek with \$10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow." &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	Eisner to Leave Disney Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner announced plans Friday to retire in 2006, ending more than two decades atop what may be the world's best-known entertainment company.
2	US Air to Cut Executive Payroll 20 Pct  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; plans to cut  its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing pay and benefits  for its 3,000 managers and eliminating positions, The  Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
2	Yum Brand #39;s August Sales Up Yum Brands Inc. (YUM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said sales at US restaurants open at least a year, or same-store sales, rose 5 percent in the four weeks ended Sept.
2	TriQuint to Eliminate 200 Jobs TriQuint Semiconductor Inc. said Monday that it is cutting about 200 jobs as part of a plan to save \$18 million per year by restructuring its optoelectronics business.
1	Beckham ready to defy Real David Beckham insists he is ready to play a full 90 minutes for England in the friendly against Spain if Sven-Goran Eriksson asks him to defy his club Real Madrid.
0	More than 53,000 Nigerians killed in three years of ethnic strife (AFP) AFP - Three years of fighting between rival Christian and Muslim ethnic groups in the central Nigerian state of Plateau has claimed 53,787 lives, a third of them children, the state administration said.
0	Arafat in coma as concerns increase over burial Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in a coma Saturday at a French military hospital as concerns heightened over possibilities for his burial and the future of Palestinian leadership.
0	Mass whale strandings found in Australia, NZ Mass strandings of marine mammals have occurred in Australia and New Zealand this week, proving an earlier predication made by Australian scientists, New Zealand Press Association said Wednesday.
2	Tyco Cuts Debt by \$350 Million Tyco International Ltd. Tuesday said it will take a \$167 million charge after repurchasing \$350 million in convertible bonds. The Bermuda-based industrial conglomerate also backed its forecast for operating 
3	Moon gas may bail out energy-sapped earth A potential gas source found on the moons surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earths fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.
0	European powers to offer Iran incentives as last chance to drop &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA, Austria Diplomats say Britain, France and Germany are giving Iran one more chance to halt disputed nuclear activities. Officials say top diplomats will offer Tehran nuclear fuel and economic incentives 
0	Officials deny barring pro-democracy lawmaker A top Chinese official yesterday defended his government #39;s decision to bar a Hong Kong pro-democracy lawmaker from entering the mainland, saying customs authorities acted legally.
3	Neptune-Class Extrasolar Worlds Found While striving to find ever smaller, more rocky worlds, planet hunters have moved from discovering not just Jupiter-class planets outside our solar system. Now astronomers have found two new Neptune-class planets on their road to pinpointing a new Earth-like system.
1	Estes stalking PGA win American Bob Estes is confident he can win the Australian PGA championship going into today #39;s final round at Coolum on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
2	Goodyear to post profit Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (NYSE: GT) expects its third quarter to go from red to black as it posts record sales in this year #39;s third quarter.
1	Dirrell loses bout, settles for bronze Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American middleweight Andre Dirrell lost his semifinal bout to Kazakhstan #39;s Gennadiy Golovkin on Friday, missing an opportunity to advance to the gold medal match.
0	Dexia formally abandon's merger plans with Italy's Sanpaolo (AFP) AFP - French-Belgian bank Dexia said  that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
2	Stocks Down, Starbucks, Techs Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Thursday, as a broker downgrade on the semiconductor industry  rattled investors, while coffee-shop chain Starbucks &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt;  disappointed with slowing growth.
1	Cards Outlast Astros to Win Opener The good people of the Midwest hope you have been enjoying following the Big Dance, that high-stakes, hotly anticipated tournament taking place back east.
0	Palestinians Urge US to Keep Deadline The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal 
3	Creative Technology reports sharp drop in quarterly net profit (AFP) AFP - Singapore consumer electronics maker Creative Technology net profit in the September quarter fell 83.5 percent to 4.8 million US dollars, with last year's huge one-time gains magnifying the decline.
0	34 children among 37 killed in Baghdad bombing; new hostages &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least three bombs exploded near a US convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 34 children and three adults, a hospital official said.
3	Most Red Roof Inns to Get Wi-Fi Hotspots ARROLLTON, Texas (AP) -- Accor North America has reached an agreement with T-Mobile USA Inc. to install wireless Internet access throughout all of its Red Roof Inns over the next year, officials said...
0	Calling All Troops, and Then Some, in Iraq Even as American and Iraqi forces move to surround the last large group of insurgents in Falluja this weekend, they are also scrambling to quell fighting that has erupted in many other Sunni towns and cities in Iraq.
1	India Cricket Bd:Sony TV To Televise Matches Vs Australia NEW DELHI (Dow Jones)--India #39;s cricket board late Thursday said Sony Entertainment Television Ltd. will telecast four home matches against world champion Australia starting next week.
0	Munch's famous painting The Scream stolen from Norway museum - again (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OSLO, Norway (AP) - Armed men stormed into an art museum Sunday, threatened staff at gunpoint and stole Edvard Munch's famous paintings The Scream and Madonna before stunned museum-goers.
2	Schwarzenegger Shows Eco-Friendly Hummer California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger laughs during a visit to an after-school program site at PS 129 in New York #39;s Harlem neighborhood in this Wednesday, Sept.
0	Marlins Win at Temporary Home in Chicago CHICAGO - Chased out of Florida by Hurricane Ivan, the Marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the NL wild-card race. Florida rallied with six runs in the bottom of the eighth inning, taking advantage of four Montreal errors to beat the Expos 6-3 Monday at U.S...
1	Beckham Criticized for Suspension England soccer coach Sven-Goran Eriksson reacts to a question during a press conference in Baku, Azerbaijan Tuesday Oct. 12, 2004, following captain David Beckham #39;s comments that he deliberately got suspended 
3	Earth to see total eclipse of the moon Trick-or-treaters can expect an early Halloween treat on Wednesday night, when a total lunar eclipse makes the moon look like a glowing pumpkin.
0	Russian Plane Bombers Exploited Corruption A thousand rubles, or about \$34, was enough to bribe an airline agent to put a Chechen woman on board one of the two flights that exploded in midair last month, killing all 90 people aboard.
3	Sneaker makers bank on high-tech Sneaker makers are selling a new wave of technologically advanced athletic shoes, in hopes of bringing back the age of the \$100-plus sneaker.
3	Video disks ditch binary storage Why count in binary when you can use hundreds of different digits at once? That #39;s the principle that has allowed British physicists to develop a video disk that stores far more data than has ever been possible before.
1	Cricket: Harbhajan #39;s dual strike halts Australia in second Test MADRAS, India : Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh grabbed two wickets in three balls to lead India #39;s fightback in the second cricket Test against Australia here.
0	End to Libya sanctions on EU agenda The EU is set to give the all-clear to lifting an 18 year old arms embargo against Libya following high level talks in Brussels. EU ambassadors meeting on Wednesday agreed in principle to dropping the sanctions 
3	Microsoft Speeds Up SP2 (PC World) PC World - With VPN bug resolved, distribution of Windows XP update will increase.
3	Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas - The Prequel What happened before CJ arrived in Los Santos? Check these screens, details, and exclusive movie to find out. November 19, 2004 - Did you ever wonder what was happening in Los Santos prior to the events of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas?
3	Hacker Hits California University Computer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer hacker accessed names  and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians  after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley,  computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever  suffered by the school, officials said on Tuesday.
1	Danton Sentenced to 71/2 Years For Murder-for-Hire Plot Mike Danton was sentenced yesterday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed. Danton said nothing in East St. Louis, Ill.
1	NO DOUBT ABOUT THIS JETS ROUT a three-hour party, really -he Jets delivered a rare rout, skewering the downtrodden Dolphins 41-14 last night at Giants Stadium.
2	Mitsubishi First-Half Earnings Decline Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses jumped for the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
2	Fannie Mae ordered to restate earnings The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest buyer of mortgages, to restate its earnings over the last four years after 
0	Kidnapped Briton named The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British engineer who was kidnapped by gunmen from his house in Baghdad this week, has issued a desperate plea for his safe return.
1	NY Mets at Atlanta, 1:05 PM FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves and the New York Mets continue their five-game series following a doubleheader split Monday.
0	Turkey OKs EU-Backed Criminal Code Changes (AP) AP - Turkey's parliament approved proposals Saturday to scale down police powers and improve conditions of detainees before a crucial European Union summit that will decide whether to start membership negotiations with the largely Muslim country.
2	State financial picture brightening - on income side, at least ATLANTA - It #39;s been a long time coming but the state #39;s financial picture, at least on the income side, is brightening, state officials said Thursday.
2	In weak job market, suits make comeback NEW YORK -- The suit is back, and America's boardrooms and bars are looking smart again.
1	MLB: Minnesota 2, NY Yankees 0 Johan Santana and Jacque Jones were a dynamic duo Tuesday night as they led the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 win over the New York Yankees.
0	Our Man in Pyongyang Sets off on Blast Inspection Britains ambassador to North Korea travelled today to the site of a massive explosion to verify claims by the secretive Marxist nation that it was not a nuclear test.
0	Iran Would Welcome Kerry Camp Proposal-Official (Reuters) Reuters - Iran would welcome a proposal by U.S.\presidential candidate Senator John Kerry's running mate for a\"great bargain" to solve the dispute over Tehran's nuclear\program, a senior Iranian official said on Saturday.
3	Delta rocket puts on late-night show with GPS launch After a nerve-racking stay on its Cape Canaveral launch pad with uncomfortably close brushes with two powerful hurricanes, a Boeing Delta 2 rocket finally thundered into space this morning where it successfully deployed a Global Positioning System 
1	Moss Expected to Play More for Minnesota (AP) AP - Randy Moss is expected to play a meaningful role for the Minnesota Vikings this weekend against the Giants, even without a fully healed right hamstring.
0	Artists from new EU-member states put on historic display in Amsterdam (AFP) AFP - Seven artists from the new eastern member states of the European Union display their vision of history in a special exhibition, celebrating EU enlargement, at the Amsterdam Stedelijk Museum for modern art.
0	Afghan militants to decide fate of UN hostages Kabul: A murky Taliban splinter group which has held three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan for three weeks said it would decide on their fate Wednesday, as the US military expressed hope they would be released.
1	Ghostzapper won #39;t disappear come awards time *If Eclipse Award voters, of which I am one, so desired, they could reward Stronach Stables and Bobby Frankel with firsts in three categories for Ghostzapper: Horse of the Year, Older Horse, and Sprinter.
0	Kerry Legal Team Member Is Issued Citation (AP) AP - A member of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's national legal team received a citation on accusations he solicited a prostitute, but the aide said it was the result of a misunderstanding.
0	Priest accused in 1994 Rwanda genocide fails to front for trial A priest accused of ordering the slaughter of 2000 people who sought refuge in his church during Rwanda #39;s genocide refused to appear for the start of his trial at a UN tribunal yesterday.
3	Intel pushes desktops with more spunk, lower prices A new chipset offers high-end features for less cash, an effort to spark PC makers to update their low-price offerings.
3	Space/Astronomy Blog Archives NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe issued a statement regarding the damage left behind at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the wake of Hurricane Frances.
1	Excited about Bonds chasing home run record? Not anymore SAN JOSE, Calif. _ So it has finally happened. The smoldering fumes of steroid smoke have burst into flames around Barry Bonds. According to his own grand-jury testimony, leaked to the San Francisco Chronicle 
1	United attack versus Kansas City defense could produce a classic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MLS Cup 2004 has the makings of a classic match-up, pitting the freewheeling attack of DC United against the solidly defensive Kansas City Wizards.
2	Public Officials Question Bank Of America Job Cuts Rhode Island Gov. Don Carcieri has joined a chorus of public officials questioning whether Bank of America broke commitments by ordering job cuts after its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
3	Wine-tippling in China 9,000 years ago Wine, the elixir of the gods, may be as old as human history, and a team of archaeologists who combine their science with chemistry has found evidence that Chinese were already enjoying sips of fermented rice, honey and fruit in the late Stone Age, more 
0	Dozens Detained in Egypt Bombing Probe TABA, Egypt - Investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue from the wreckage of three car bombings Saturday and detained dozens of Bedouin tribesmen, including quarry workers who could have provided the explosives that killed at least 34 people.    Israel blamed al-Qaida for the Thursday night attacks in two Sinai resorts, and Egyptian investigators were leaning toward an al-Qaida connection as well...
1	Champ ready for goodbye CHAMPION Makybe Diva, the dual Melbourne Cup hero, may have run her last race in Australia. Trainer Lee Freedman said yesterday he was pushing hard to campaign Makybe Diva in the northern hemisphere 
1	Rams storm back, still lose to Vick, Falcons The St. Louis Rams had spent the better part of the first half watching Michael Vick run circles around them. Surprisingly, they watched the normally accommodating Falcons run defense put the clamps on Marshall Faulk.
2	After the IPO, Google may need to invest in itself SAN FRANCISCO  Google #39;s star-crossed stock offering is making high-tech history. But will its cash windfall help make it a permanent part of Silicon Valley lore despite mounting competition and a tepid market? ...
0	Militants Take Control in Parts of Iraq's Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Insurgents were in charge of some  areas of south and western Mosul on Saturday, holding two  police stations and manning road blocks, as Iraq's third  largest city appeared to slide out of U.S. and Iraqi control.
3	Ericsson Halts Bluetooth Development Ericsson Sverige AB, a Swedish developer of telecommunications silicon, said it has decided to stop Bluetooth development, which the company said was an indicator of the technology #39;s mature state.
0	President to open EC hospital CAPE TOWN - President Thabo Mbeki, who was still in Ivory Coast yesterday, is scheduled to perform the official opening of Mthatha #39;s Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital tomorrow, the Eastern Cape Health Department announced yesterday.
0	Presidential debates: high drama, disputed impact (AFP) AFP - For sheer political drama, few spectacles can match the sight of two men going toe to toe before tens of millions of television viewers, slugging it out for the most powerful job on Earth.
0	Bremer Criticizes Lack of Troops in Iraq The U.S. official said Monday that the United States made two major mistakes: not deploying enough troops and then not containing the violence immediately after the ouster of Saddam Hussein.
0	Physicians in France checking Arafat for leukemia, Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.
3	Orion Workstations Act as Single-Box Clusters A startup company is rolling out a family of workstations aimed at the technical computing space that offer clusterlike capabilities inside a single box.
3	Google to back Microsoft browser foe? The Web is filling up with rumors about an alliance between search giant and browser maker Firefox. LONDON (Reuters) - The Firefox browser is looking for allies in its quest to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant 
1	Despatie least likely disappointment Another notch on the Canadian medal chart of expectations ended with the least likely of fourth place finishes at the Olympic Games.
3	Seductive virus has Sobering consequence A blonde, 21-year-old go-go dancer is sending emails with naked photos of herself attached and asking for work as model. Or so you are led to think by the latest mass-mailing Sober worm variant to hit the Web, Sober.
0	Syria Redeploys Some Security Forces in Lebanon  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria, under intense pressure to quit  Lebanon, pulled out its security forces from three key  positions in Beirut and north Lebanon on Saturday and  redeployed them in eastern Lebanon.
3	Tools wrap: Sun, Javalobby, Infravio make moves Officials at Sun Microsystems, Javalobby, and Infravio this week revealed initiatives positioned as advances in either Java development or Web services consumption.
2	Former Qwest CEO May Face Civil Charges DENVER -- The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Qwest Communications #39; former chief executive could soon face civil charges for his alleged role in an accounting scandal at the company.
0	North Korea  #39;won #39;t pull out of 6-way talks #39; BEIJING - China said yesterday that its close ally North Korea will not be pulling out of six-party talks, despite Pyongyang hinting that Washington #39;s hardline policy made the negotiations unworkable. 
2	Ford unit sales slip 5 in October SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor on Wednesday was the first of the major automakers to turn in October US sales results, reporting that unit sales slipped 5 percent.
3	SpaceShipOne Prepares for Second Flight Oct. 4 - A group of private citizens in California are hoping to make another giant leap for mankind. SpaceShipOne has already made it to space and back.
1	Aussies level series with win A lower-order fightback was not enough to save New Zealand as Australia levelled the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series after a thrilling 17-run win in Sydney.
3	IBM and Intel go public with design specs of the BladeCenter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IBM and Intel have announced that they are to open up the design specifications of their BladeCenter platform. The partners say that the publishing of the specs is intended to enable third parties to design and build compatible kit and grow the market.
1	Redknapp Planning Portsmouth Raid Harry Redknapp maintained his conscience was clear today following his decision to join Southampton just two weeks after leaving south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
3	Battered and grooved: Saturn #39;s moon Tethys Having now passed closer to Tethys than the Voyager 2 spacecraft, Cassini has returned the best-ever natural color view of this icy Saturnian moon.
2	New German business wave in Asia takes shape BERLIN - Volkswagen AG #39;s announcement this week that it has forged a new partnership deal with Malaysian carmaker Proton comes as a strong euro and Europe #39;s weak economic performance triggers a fresh wave of German investment in Asia.
0	DA Won't Prosecute Bishop Accused of Rape SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - A district attorney said Monday that he would not prosecute Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Dupre on child rape charges - despite a newly unsealed indictment in the case - because the statute of limitations has expired...
0	Football: Arsenal thrash Charlton Thierry Henry scores twice as Arsenal thrash Charlton and go five points clear in the Premiership.
1	Jordan: Ford decision was knife through the heart. The Jordan team has vowed to bounce back from its latest crisis, despite likening Ford #39;s recent decision to cease all of its Formula One activities to a .
3	Oracle in Merger Talks Beyond PeopleSoft (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Thursday\said it is in merger talks with other technology companies as\it pursues its  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid for rival\software maker PeopleSoft Inc. .
1	Virginia strikes out while District gets another at-bat WHILE WASHINGTON was celebrating a home run Wednesday, Northern Virginia stood helplessly at the plate watching a third strike go by.
3	Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion\\Google had something up their sleeve. It seems that whenever a competitor does something big, such as MSN announcing the beta launch of their new search engine, Google has to "one up" them somehow. Just as the news wires started flaming with MSN Beta ...
1	No. 15 Vanderbilt Beats Troy 78-50 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley scored 22 points  #151; 12 straight in the second half  #151; as No. 15 Vanderbilt defeated Troy 78-50 Sunday for its 48th straight nonconference homecourt victory.
2	Boots axes dentistry and chiropody THE flagship Boots store on Princes Street is to lose its dentistry and chiropody clinics as part of a nationwide cutback of services by the company.
3	Six Apart Releases Movable Type 3.1 (TechWeb) TechWeb - Six Apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only three months after Movable Type 3.0.
0	Iran Won #39;t Halt Nuclear Program, May Suspend UN Inspections Iranian President Mohammad Khatami vowed to continue the country #39;s uranium-enrichment program and threatened to suspend United Nations nuclear inspections as the US pushes for economic sanctions against Iran.
1	Roosters setback THE Sydney Roosters have been dealt a cruel double blow with Chris Flannery - the man most likely to replace Luke Ricketson if he is suspended - rushed to hospital yesterday.
0	French Troops Trade Fire with Gunmen in Ivory Coast  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French peacekeeping troops exchanged  fire with gunmen who attacked them as they traveled in a convoy  of armored vehicles in northern Ivory Coast on Tuesday, a  French army spokesman said.
3	A Simple Plan Some here might remember a time when Kuro5hin was full of (arguably) interesting commentary, articles, and diaries. Today, by contrast, it is about half crapflooding and other inane drivel and half (arguably) interesting commentary, or at least commentary written with an earnest intent to be interesting. How can that situation be rectified? And why should we care? Within, I discuss these two questions drawing from observation of the Daily Kos (ignoring its political nature if we can).
1	US NBA stars pushed to the brink before edging Greece (AFP) AFP - Sick, injured and reeling from a humiliating loss, the United States basketball team struggled past Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary-round game that signaled more difficulties to come.
0	Upper Midwest Crucial to Kerry's Hopes LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
1	Cricket: Fired-up Australia end 35-year drought as India hit new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAGPUR, India : World champions Australia conquered the final frontier here when they won their first series on Indian soil in 35 years with a 342-run rout in the third Test.
2	Honda projects double the US sales of 2005 hybrid models Honda Motor Co. expects the introduction of its new gas-electric version of the Accord to boost its US sales of hybrid vehicles to more than 45,000 next year.
3	Prolific spammer given nine years jail A United States man convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia.
3	Dell announces new enterprise-class blade servers Dell has introduced its new PowerEdge 1855 blade servers, which it says combine enterprise-class features with increased density and lower cost than traditional Dell 1U rack servers to deliver an advantaged platform for data center computing.
0	Vast Turkmen mosque opens \A new mosque, thought to be the largest in central Asia, is inaugurated in the isolated republic.
2	NCR Recalls Inkjet Refill Kits NCR Corp. on Wednesday recalled 78,000 printer cartridge refill kits because they do not have child-proof packaging, posing a health risk to young children who may ingest the ink sold in the product.
3	Job Cuts in Tech Sector Soar, Report Finds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. technology sector suffered  another round of widespread layoffs during the third quarter,  with computer firms slashing jobs most aggressively, a report  said on Monday.
1	Color of your shirt determines if it was comeback or collapse A forest of trees will fall and a lake of ink will be emptied hashing and rehashing the baseball games played in Boston and New York over the past four days.
1	Yankees could be without Rivera early in ALCS New York, NY (Sports Network) - New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera is reportedly dealing with a personal issue that could affect his availability early in the American League Championship Series against the Boston Red Sox, which begins Tuesday in the 
1	Braves' Wright Suffers Bruised Ankle  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Braves starting pitcher  Jaret Wright left Tuesday's game against the New York Mets with  a bruised right ankle.
0	Hungarian Referendums Fails 6 December 2004 -- Preliminary official results show that voters failed to approve a referendum on whether to give ethnic Hungarians living outside the country the right to become Hungarian citizens.
2	Prince pledges to rule Citigroup with an iron fist Observing the financial juggernaut that is Citigroup is a bit like sitting down to watch the local TV news in a typical big American city.
1	Beckham May Miss 6 Weeks With Cracked Rib David Beckham could be sidelined up to six weeks after cracking a rib during England's 2-0 World Cup qualifying victory over Wales in which he scored a goal and drew a suspension for the next game.
1	Yankees hold off Blue Jays Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui, and Bernie Williams each homered and the New York Yankees held on for an 8-7 victory over the Blue Jays last night in Toronto. Esteban Loaiza failed to make it out of the fifth inning in another poor start since being acquired from the Chicago White Sox in a July 31 trade for Jose Contreras.
2	Treasuries Rally, Yields Hit 6-Week Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields touched their  lowest levels in over a month on Wednesday, driven by largely  technical factors in an illiquid year-end market.
0	Blair fine after heart operation : World News  gt; London, Oct 01 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair today underwent a non-surgical operation to correct a heart flutter and is  quot;doing ok quot;.
2	Salvation Army will be ringing bells Friday A 113-year-old tradition will make its way to the streets Friday once again. From 11 am to 1 pm the Salvation Army will hold the official kickoff of the Red Kettle campaign outside Wal-Mart.
3	U.S. Study Says Sage Grouse Not Endangered (Reuters) Reuters - A government study has concluded the\greater sage grouse is not an endangered species, a finding\ranching and oil and gas interests in the West had lobbied hard\for, a congressional spokesman said on Friday.
3	IBM signs \$180M outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet IBM has signed a seven-year IT outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet under which it will transform and manage key business functions and financial operations for the company.
2	ASEAN members plan a single market Southeast Asian countries have completed talks on a plan for economic integration, bringing the region a step closer to creating a European-style single market covering 530 million people.
0	Head of Danish festival jury calls for pan-European distribution firms (AFP) AFP - Oscar-winning Hungarian director and head of Copenhagen's second international film festival jury Istvan Szabo called for the creation of several pan-European distribution companies that could help break Hollywood's hegemony in Europe.
3	Sony u-turn over MP3 music files Sony says its digital music players will now play MP3 format music tracks, and not just its own Atrac format. It is a major move for the electronics giant which has been criticised for only letting its own format be played.
1	Sadler #39;s game plan: Beat Gordon Driver figures if he can finish ahead of 4-time series champion, he has good shot at 2004 title. By Steve Ballard. CONCORD, NC -- Elliott Sadler has looked at the field in the 10-man Chase for the Nextel Cup and worked out a simple formula for winning it.
3	Digital ID: How are you managing? Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
1	Report: Decision could come today Art Howe has been given the option to leave as Mets manager immediately or manage until then end of the season and then be fired, a high-ranking club official has told Michael Kay of ESPN Radio 1050 in New York.
2	Head of Philips Chip Unit Resigns The head of the chip division of electronics group Philips unexpectedly stepped down on Wednesday, raising worries that the key division is performing below expectations.
0	Syria condemns assassination attempt against former Lebanese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria condemned on Friday an attempt of assassination against a former Lebanese minister in Beirut, the state-run SANA news agency reported.
2	Man Utd warns of lower TV revenues Manchester United has warned that lower TV revenues will hit earnings this year, after posting a dip in annual profits. The world #39;s richest soccer club and the subject of 
2	Forest City Keeps Building The real estate company seems to have the right results and the right investors.
1	Vieira plays down spat Arsenal skipper Patrick Vieira has played down his spat with teammate Lauren following their team #39;s disappointing UEFA Champions League draw with Rosenborg.
1	Michigan Beats Colorado in NIT Tourney  ANN ARBOR, Mich. (Sports Network) - Dion Harris dropped in  a game-high 24 points in helping to lead the Michigan  Wolverines to a 69-60 victory over the Colorado Buffaloes in  the second round of the Preseason NIT from Crisler Arena.
0	Stocks Rise on Drop in Oil, Fed Comments NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and reassuring words from the Federal Reserve sent stocks higher Monday, raising hopes that Wall Street would be able to extend its recent rally.    Investors were cheered by a dip in oil prices, which backed off the \$50 per barrel mark at Friday's close of trading...
0	Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Three court-appointed doctors  examined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on  Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old  general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
3	Jobs back to work as Apple chief executive (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve Jobs has quietly returned to work full time after taking a leave of absence to recover from cancer surgery.
2	Murdoch: Media Mogul In Record Manhattan Real Estate Deal Like it or not, Rupert Murdoch is a New York City staple. As chairman of News Corp. (nyse: NWS - news - people ), the billionaire is a part of Gothamites #39; lives.
0	Israel kills Hamas leader in Gaza The Israel Defense Forces said Sunday its air force attacked a car in Gaza City, killing a Hamas field commander. The IDF identified the dead man as Khalid Abu Salmiya, a member of Hamas #39; military wing, Izzedine al Qassam.
2	Stocks open higher on overnight gains in US shares TOKYO - Stocks opened higher Wednesday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as overnight gains in US shares prompted buybacks of recently battered Tokyo stocks.
0	Former Iranian president says Iran has missiles with 2,000 km &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani announced in Tehran on Tuesday that Iran has now missiles with a range of 2,000 kilometers, saying there are  #39;next stages #39; to the capability, IRNA reported.
2	Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s NTT Gains; Australia #39;s BHP Billiton Rises Japan #39;s stock benchmarks rose, led by telecommunications shares such as Nippon Telegraph  amp; Telephone Corp., after Deutsche Bank AG said their earnings have benefited from a sustained economic recovery.
1	Rolen finds sweet spot at just the right time The day after Scott Rolen slugged a two-run home run to help St. Louis beat the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the National League Championship Series, he was asked 
2	Vivendi Universal reports big loss in second quarter French media giant Vivendi Universal reported a second quarter net loss of 1.852 billion euros (2.3 billion dollars), six times larger than the 313-million-euro shortfall in the same period last year.
3	FireFox Cures the Web? Can a single browser made by no single company and without any real marketing dollars actually cure all of the webs woes? Probably not, but the team behind the increasingly popular FireFox browser are certainly going to make a run for it.
3	Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music  LOS ANGELES (Billboard) - Software giant Microsoft is  casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by  positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
1	Preview and pick: Twin attack Yanks #39; image The plot: The Yankees will have home-field advantage throughout the playoffs, thanks to their 101-win season and the AL #39;s victory in the July All-Star Game.
0	UN suspends aid operations in South Darfur after killing of workers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - The United Nations has suspended its humanitarian operations in Sudan's troubled South Darfur area following a shooting that killed two aid workers, the agency said Monday.
0	Karzai nears victory in Afghan election as vote count proceeds Interim leader Hamid Karzai nudged closer to victory in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential poll with nearly two-thirds of the vote counted, officials said Thursday.
3	Analyst: CRM, Supply-Chain Software To Lead Spending (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the next several years, an increasingly larger share of I.T. budgets will go toward externally facing applications, according to Yankee Group.
1	Streaking Braves Stop Giants 5-3 (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit a three-run shot for his 694th homer, but Chipper Jones' two-run drive helped the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5-3 Friday night for their fifth straight victory.
1	US runners display dashing look on oval: Williams finds silver &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lauryn Williams #39; magical summer began with her winning the NCAA 100-meter championship in June in Austin, Texas. It continued at the US Trials in July, where 
1	Nedved hangs up international boots The 32-year-old European footballer of the year said this month that he would not return to the national squad until he had fully recovered from a knee injury.
1	California overpowers N. Carolina Danny Leon hit a two-run homer, and Tyler Carp and John Lister added solo homers to lead California (1-0) to a 9-2 victory over North Carolina (1-1) yesterday in the Little League World Series at South Williamsport, Pa. The runs came quickly. California batted around in the third inning to take a 6-0 lead. Leon's shot to center and Lister's ...
3	Fuel Leak Scrubs Lockheed Atlas Florida Launch About 11,000 gallons of rocket fuel spilled during fueling of a Lockheed Martin Atlas 2 rocket on Saturday, forcing a one-day delay in the launch of the rocket carrying a classified 
3	Yamaha Offering Free Authoring Tools for Adding Dynamic HAMAMATSU CITY, Japan - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ov. 1, 2004  -aha Corporation, the worlds largest manufacturer of musical instruments and an established leader in digital audio, is today offering free 
3	Study: IT worker confidence drops IT workers in the U.S. aren't happy about the state of the job market, according to a study released this week by New York-based staffing firm Hudson.
3	Museum to Get \$60 Million Exhibit The Smithsonian #39;s National Museum of Natural History plans to announce today the largest renovation in its nearly 95-year history, creating Ocean Hall, an unusual hybrid of public display and research.
0	US marines find Syrian driver kidnapped with French reporters in Iraq (AFP) AFP - US marines have found alive in the restive Iraqi city of Fallujah the Syrian driver who was taken hostage with two French journalists almost three months ago, a military spokeswoman said.
0	Stocks Are Mixed on Lower Retail Sales NEW YORK - A surge in oil prices and a disappointing report on retail sales prompted investors to cash in some profits Tuesday, keeping stocks narrowly mixed.    With Hurricane Ivan threatening oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico, crude futures moved higher for the second straight day, renewing investors' fears of a further drop-off in consumer spending due to higher gasoline prices...
0	Strong Quake Injures Six in Colombia &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Six people were hurt and twohospitals evacuated after a strong earthquake shook a largepart of western Colombia on Monday, the government said.&lt;/p&gt;
1	In Trying to Save Medal and Tour de France Hopes, Hamilton Faces Uphill Course At 33, just as he seemed ready to claim center stage, Tyler Hamilton is facing a two-year suspension from competition.
0	AU Optronics Reports Lower Profit in 3Q (AP) AP - AU Optronics Corp., which makes liquid crystal display panels used for computer and TV screens, on Wednesday reported lower third-quarter earnings and cut its forecast for the full year as prices fall for the display panels.
3	Europe Is Said to Be Close to Allowing Bid by Oracle The European Union's competition commissioner is ready to allow Oracle to proceed with its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft, people close to the case said Friday
3	NTT DoCoMo #39;s 4G research hits 1Gbps NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s biggest mobile communications carrier, achieved a 1Gbps packet transmission speed using 4G) mobile communication equipment in August, the company has said.
0	Quarter million Chinese flee typhoon Typhoon Aere made landfall in southeastern China Wednesday after killing five people and flooding Taiwan, the BBC reported. The storm system packing winds of 86 mph and gusts 
1	Donald delight at call up Luke Donald has expressed his delight at being named as one of captain Bernhard Langer #39;s wildcards for the European Ryder Cup team.
0	Bush, Kerry gear up for final debate as polls show race too close to call (AFP) AFP - The rival campaigns of President George W. Bush and Democrat John Kerry have hit the Southwest, where they are to face off in their final televised debate in two days, with polls showing the race still too close to call.
1	Big-mouth Becks to tell all at marriage counselling LONDON - Not only has England captain David Beckham been told to learn to shut up by coach Sven-Goran Eriksson, he could also face punishment from the Football Association for his unsporting behaviour.
3	Red Hat To Get Netscape Security Assets for \$25 Million Leading open source vendor Red Hat said it will acquire certain security-related assets of Netscape Security Solutions from America Online for US\$25 million.
1	UPDATE 1-FIFA orders Germany to play World Cup opener FIFA has ordered 2006 World Cup hosts Germany to play in the tournament #39;s opening match, dashing the hopes of their coach Juergen Klinsmann who wanted to delay his team #39;s first game to keep the pressure off his players.
0	UN Watchdog Says Work Hindered by Absent U.S. Audits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.N.-mandated agency said on  Wednesday its task of watching over Iraq's oil money was being  hampered by the Bush administration's failure to hand over  audits of Iraq contracts awarded without competitive bids,  including to Halliburton .
0	Najaf clashes as truce talks fail Fighting resumes in the Iraqi city of Najaf between US troops and Shia militias after an abortive peace bid.
3	ATI Launches Xpress 200 Chipsets ATI Technologies has launched the Radeon Xpress 200 chipset with integrated DirectX 9 graphics for AMD desktop PCs. The latest chipset is aimed at gaming enthusiasts and high definition home entertainment.
1	Irish Olympic Medal Horse Fails Second Test-Report  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A second blood sample taken from  Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian O'Connor rode to win  Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens Olympics, has also  tested positive for banned substances, local media reported  Tuesday.
2	Investors in Treasuries Grow More Bearish Before Jobs Report US Treasury note investors became more bearish last week on speculation a government report will show November employment improved enough to keep the Federal Reserve from slowing the pace of interest rate increases.
1	Miller hints that he #39;ll retire after this season Reggie Miller has the option to extend his current contract to the 2005-06 season, but the Pacers #39; all-time leading scorer is talking like his 18th NBA season will be his last.
1	Davis Quits As Cleveland Browns Coach (AP) AP - As coach Butch Davis pulled out of the driveway at 76 Lou Groza Blvd. for the final time, he might have caught a glimpse of a brown-and-orange colored hearse across the street from Cleveland's team offices. The vehicle was parked. Davis was the one moving on.
0	Brunei to reinstate parliament after 20 years As part of political reforms, the Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah has said that he would reopen its parliament after it was suspended 20 years ago.
3	IronPort updates e-mail security appliance SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - E-mail security systems vendor IronPort Systems Inc. is releasing new versions of its C-Series line of e-mail security appliances, with features that make it easier 
2	Microsoft Biting the Apple The company is taking ever-closer steps to getting in Apple's musical domain.
3	Northrop, Boeing to partner in spaceship deal Northrop Grumman Corp. and Boeing Co. have formed a partnership Tuesday to compete in a deal to build NASA #39;s next manned spaceship -- a deal with multi-billion dollar potential, according to reports.
0	Palestinian leaders arrive in Paris to visit Arafat Four Palestinian top leaders arrived on Monday evening on board a private plane to visit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Percy military hospital since Oct. 29.
2	Kodak plight a snapshot of UK work The digital revolution #39;s two-way impact on British jobs was felt yesterday when Eastman Kodak announced mass layoffs in Nottingham and Middlesex and B amp;Q said it had been struggling to find staff in the Midlands.
2	Indian tax dispute send Cairn shares lower Shares in Britain #39;s Cairn Energy, which have soared on a series of oil discoveries in India, plunged by one-fifth on Friday on worries about a tax dispute with the Indian government and a lack of new finds.
2	American raises domestic fares FORT WORTH, Texas - American Airlines has increased most domestic US and US to Canada fares \$5 one way and \$10 round trip, effective Dec. 9, to help offset the continuing high cost of jet fuel, the airline explained in a news release.
3	Int #39;l Space Station crew begins preflight exams The replacement crew for the International Space Station has begun a two-day preflight exams, a part of final preparations to relieve the two-man Russian-American crew finishing a six-month mission.
3	Watch where you point that camera phone Consumer Electronics Association publishes guidelines for responsible use of cell phone cameras
2	Pension Agency May Go Broke by 2020 (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government agency that\insures corporate pensions will run out of money in 2020 if\current financial conditions persist, imperiling the checks of\millions of retirees, a new independent study shows.
3	Underwear Heart Monitor to Warn of Strokes  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A group of 33 firms, including Nokia  and Philips, have unveiled the prototype of a portable heart  monitor that would use sensors woven into underwear to warn  patients before they suffer a stroke.
3	Microsoft Gets Good Grades on SP2 Microsoft has begun sending Windows XP Service Pack 2 to home users via of its automatic update system. Despite a few flaws that already have been found in the massive patch, the update will strengthen system security for most Windows XP ...
0	Hamas admits to having weapons factories in Gaza In the first admission of its kind, a senior Hamas official disclosed on Saturday that the movement has a number of factories in the Gaza Strip for manufacturing various types of weapons.
1	Women #39;s Golf: Jackson Leads Safeway Classic Ladies Professional Golf Association tour rookie Brandi Jackson of the United States has the lead heading into Saturday #39;s second round of the 54-hole Safeway Classic in Portland, Oregon.
2	Gas Price Up Near \$1.88 a Gallon -Survey  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline rose slightly over the last two weeks to almost \$1.88  a gallon -- the first increase reported since late May,  according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of about 8,000 gas  stations.
2	USA: Kroger reports lower Q2 earnings US grocery retailer Kroger has reported lower second-quarter net earnings, hit by the early redemption of debt and the continuing after-effects of the labour dispute in Southern California.
1	BCCI yet to get intimation of Ganguly #39;s suspension: Sports India, Cricket: Jaipur, Nov 15 : The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is yet to get a formal communication from the international cricket body on the two-Test suspension of skipper Sourav Ganguly, an official said Monday.
3	Fudo is mad, Farrell is bad This looks like the *real* beginning of the end for Itanium. The workstation market is two-fold. There are those that use workstations for computing tasks (scientific, visualization, whatever) and those that 
3	Shatner Wants to Boldly Go on Space Flight Actor William Shatner is shown in this undated publicity photo. (AP Photo/www.williamshatner.com). LONDON Oct 22, 2004 -  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro 
2	Update 1: SunTrust Fires 3 on Errors Causing Delay SunTrust Banks Inc. has fired its chief credit officer and two other employees because of errors that will delay third-quarter earnings and force the company to restate some financial results.
2	Boston Scientific stent sales set record Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday it sold \$8.3 million worth of its Taxus drug-coated cardiac stents per day this month, a record level the Natick medical-devices giant said demonstrates it has won back doctors' confidence after three recalls.
1	Independents WESTON Coach : Rich Brissette (fourth year, 11-22). Last year's record: 5-6. Returning starters (7): John Lord, QB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Aaron Levine, OT/LB, 6-3, 235, Sr.; Jon Dryden, TE, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Henry Lieber, FB, 5-10, 175, Jr.; Jason Stewart, WR, 5-11, 170, Sr.; Matt Howard, S, 6-3, 190, Jr.; Tim Wells, CB, 5-6, 155, Jr. Returning lettermen (3): ...
3	Stem cell research a battle of the coasts A \$3 billion stem cell research initiative in California means the Garden State faces stiff competition to secure and retain top researchers, experts warned Tuesday.
0	Wife begs captors to free hostage The wife of British hostage Kenneth Bigley begs his captors to show mercy and set him free.
2	State regulators, in a bid to ensure accurate auction ads, target firms Three companies accused of falsely advertising multimillion-dollar estate sales and auctions of property seized by the federal government or county sheriffs have signed settlement agreements with Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly.
1	Tiger #39;s father has a relapse Tiger Woods has more than golf on his mind as he prepares for the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston: His father, Earl, has had a relapse of prostate cancer.
2	US Airways makes last-minute offer to unions As US Airways confronts the possibility of a second bankruptcy protection filing, the Arlington-based carrier has a new offer for the unions representing its pilots and flight attendants.
2	Cingular plans to upgrade high-speed data network Cingular Wireless, the largest US cellphone service provider, has announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available on many home broadband connections.
0	Clashes as Chile remembers coup A ceremony to honour those who died in Chile's  military coup ends in violence between protesters and police. 
0	Kuwaiti Paper: Laden Lives in a Safe Place in NE of Kabul It is claimed that Al-Qaeda terrorist network leader Osama Bin Laden lives in a northeastern part of the Afghani capital Kabul in a safe place under the protection of a tribe.
2	Yukos faces tax payment deadline Beleaguered Russian oil giant Yukos on Monday faces a court-imposed deadline to pay a multi-billion dollar tax bill. Yukos has been ordered to pay \$3.
2	Gas drops to lowest price in 2 months SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The average price of gasoline fell nearly 3 cents per gallon for the first time in two months, according to a national survey released Sunday.
1	Mauresmo Joins Zvonareva in Linz Quarterfinals  VIENNA (Reuters) - World number two Amelie Mauresmo  shrugged off a thigh strain to cruise into the last eight of  the Linz Open with a 6-4, 6-0 win over Marta Domachowska  Thursday.
0	Black Watch on new alert after massacre BLACK Watch troops were today facing new dangers in Iraq after rebels massacred 50 Iraqi soldiers. The Iraqi troops were ambushed and shot dead, heightening the dangers for the Scots regiment as it made final 
2	H R Block Faces Fraud Over Enron Bonds H R Block's financial advisors unit was charged with fraud by the NASD for misrepresenting the risks to investors of Enron bonds.
1	Twins Make Short Work of Rangers (AP) AP - Minnesota didn't hit Texas starter Ryan Drese very hard, the Twins just hit him a lot in an 8-5 victory Wednesday night.
1	Red Sox fans find refuge in the belly of the beast NEW YORK New York City can be a lonely place. Especially if you #39;re a Boston Red Sox fan. But as baseball #39;s fiercest rivalry is renewed in a series for the American League pennant, there are a few spots where 
1	San Diego Chargers Acquires Wide Out McCardell  SAN DIEGO (Sports Network) - The San Diego Chargers have  acquired wide receiver Keenan McCardell from Tampa Bay in  exchange for two picks in next year's draft. The deal was made  roughly an hour before the NFL's trading deadline on Tuesday.
0	FROM THE DEBATE  &lt;em&gt; The following are excerpts from the third presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:&lt;/em&gt;
3	Sony, IBM and Toshiba reveal more Cell chip plans The four companies developing the Cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.
1	Denmark soccer strike ends but parties refuse to disclose deal Denmark #39;s first ever soccer strike was called off Thursday according to the players #39; and clubs #39; representatives, who refused to release details of the agreement.
3	Wi-Fi undergoing  #39;fundamental shift #39; Wireless local area network (Lan) - or Wi-Fi - technology is undergoing a  quot;fundamental shift quot; as embedded Mini PCI card adaptors take over from PC card adaptors as the dominant access devices, new research has claimed.
2	Rentokil May Say Profit Declined 8; McGowan Explores Overhaul Rentokil Initial Plc, the British owner of businesses ranging from pest control to parcel delivery, tomorrow may report an 8 percent drop in first-half profit as heightening competition for contracts put pressure on prices.
1	Calgary's Kiprusoff Wins Big in Arbitration  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames goaltender Miikka  Kiprusoff will receive a huge increase in salary for the  upcoming season after an arbitrator Monday awarded the Vezina  Trophy finalist \$2.95 million.
0	Wenger tells Rooney to live like a monk (AFP) AFP - Arsene Wenger has told Wayne Rooney he will have to live  quot;like a monk quot; if he is to make the most of his phenomenal talent.
2	IMF: High Oil Price a Threat for Years Tight oil supplies could leave the global economy worryingly vulnerable for years to come, a senior International Monetary Fund official said on Thursday.
1	Accounting department  As Papa Griffith used to say every Jan. 1, "Well, it looks like we made it through another year."
2	Trade group president blasts hedge funds #39; role in scandal BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Mutual-fund companies will feel the impact of the improper trading scandal for years, the president of the industry #39;s trade group cautioned.
3	Prove open source cred, release Java, Red Hat tells Sun Red Hat Inc vice president for open source affairs Michael Tiemann has come-out in favor of open sourcing Java to cultivate innovation and help defend against Microsoft Corp #39;s .
2	San Miguel may bid for 40 stake in Del Monte Pacific SINGAPORE : The Philippines #39; largest food and beverage group, San Miguel Corp, says it may bid for a 40 percent stake in Singapore-listed Del Monte Pacific.
2	Colgate Plans to Cut About 4,400 Jobs Colgate-Palmolive, which makes consumer products including Ajax detergent and Irish Spring soap, plans to cut its work force by about 4,400 jobs as part of a restructuring plan aimed at boosting its sales and profits around the world.
2	IMF: no sign of house price fall There is no strong evidence that house prices will fall, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said. Higher interest rates might slow the growth of house prices, but the IMF does not see a fall in house prices, it said in its biannual report.
2	Merck falls after FDA trial casts cloud on Vioxx Shares of Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell on Thursday after a US study suggested that patients taking its Vioxx arthritis drug had a 50 percent greater risk 
0	Clash of Civilizations What #39;s wrong with this picture? The airspace over the city is declared off-limits to all unauthorized aircraft. Some 200 police, including rooftop snipers and antiterror 
1	Hernndez Drops First After Losing Yanks' Lead Orlando Hernndez failed to protect a 3-0 lead, so the Yankees lost a chance of clinching at least the wild card.
1	Report: Lehman named Ryder Cup captain West Palm Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Tom Lehman will be named the United States Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 matches, according to The Palm Beach Post.
0	Bhutto #39;s husband granted bail Pakistan #39;s Supreme Court has granted bail to the husband of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto in a move that could improve relations between military leader Pervez Musharraf and one of the country #39;s main parties.
1	BoSox Lead Yankees 2-1 After Three Innings Boston Red Sox #39;s David Ortiz is congratulated after scoring against the New York Yankees in the frist inning during game 5 of the ALCS Monday, Oct. 18 2004 in Boston.
1	No Rumble in the Jungle for Ali and Frazier  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Laila Ali will not fight Jacqui  Frazier in Kinshasa on the 30th anniversary of the "Rumble in  the Jungle," the boxer's manager said on Tuesday.
1	Report: Sexson to sign with Mariners Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have reportedly found their slugging first baseman for the 2005 season and beyond by coming to terms with free agent Richie Sexson.
0	Karzai 'disturbed' at Kabul bomb The Afghan president expresses deep concern after a bomb attack which left at least seven people dead.
0	British troops may be sent to Baghdad British troops are likely to be deployed outside southern Iraq for the first time in support of US troops in some of the worst trouble spots in the country, including Baghdad, it emerged last night.
3	DOJ Accuses Six With Crippling Rivals #39; Web Sites Among the more than 150 cybercrime arrests and convictions announced Thursday by the Department of Justice was an original: the nation #39;s first case alleging denial of service attacks against competitors to knock them offline.
1	SI.com CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Brian Schneider  #39;s RBI single in the 12th snapped a tie as the Montreal Expos held on for a 7-6 victory over the Chicago Cubs .
1	Knicks See a Little Spark in Opener Jamal Crawford got his first start in a Knicks uniform Thursday night, showing a glimpse of what, exactly, was not entirely clear.
2	Wall St. Seen Lower on Oil; Google Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - Sky-high oil prices are likely to\pressure Wall Street once again on Thursday, while earnings\news from tech giants Ciena (CIEN.N) and Nortel (NT.TO) and\Google's (GOOG.O) awaited Nasdaq debut will also steer\sentiment.
0	Sudan #39;s Darfur security a  quot;farce quot; says group cleansing and rebel groups looting and abducting civilians despite an April ceasefire, a rights group says. action to stop the violence in the vast west of the country.
2	Oil surges to \$50.47 a barrel Oil prices soared to a new record above \$50 yesterday as uncertainties over Nigerian output heightened worries of a severe supply disruption ahead of winter.
2	London Share Prices Up at Midday A new biography tells you more than you may want to know about the late Hollywood star. Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
1	Cleveland vs. Kansas City KANSAS CITY 1ST: D DeJesus flied out to left. A Berroa doubled to left. A Berroa to third on wild pitch by C Lee, A Berroa scored on throwing error by catcher V Martinez.
1	UPDATE 1-Tuncay hat-trick sinks Manchester United Tuncay Sanli scored a classy second-half hat-trick to earn Fenerbahce a 3-0 win over a depleted Manchester United team in their final Champions League Group D match on Wednesday.
3	'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - Id CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of "Doom 3," the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
1	Palmer: Americans Need to Widen Horizons  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Arnold Palmer has taken a swing at  America's top players, criticizing their increasing reluctance  to travel abroad to play in tournaments.
1	Spartans give Boise all they can handle in 2 OT #39;s. Fitz Hill looked like he had just lost his best friend when the final gun sounded. The heart-ache continues in San Jose as Fresno looms on the schedule.
0	Standing firm, Arafat seen to counter his critics JERUSALEM -- Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat appears to have faced down the biggest challenge to his leadership in years without giving ground on demands to overhaul his administration, while Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel struggles to chart a new political course amid rising dissent in his party, officials and analysts say.
2	Infineon admits price fixing, pays fine The announcement was called a breakthrough in the US Justice Department #39;s long investigation into price-fixing allegations in the semiconductor industry.
0	Chinese Advocates of Reform Seek Help From Deng's Spirit China's retired elders are using the 100th anniversary of Deng Xiaoping's birthday to emphasize the urgency of political reform.
3	Oracle May Drop Its PeopleSoft Bid Lower (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday.
0	DUP Honour Commitments By Standing Up To Terrorism I am extremely glad to see the DUP standing firm on commitments made to the electorate. The DUP made its case clear to both governments and to the public time and time again.
3	INTERVIEW: Sony Chases Rivals in Image Chip Race  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp., the world leader in video  equipment, finds itself in the unusual position of playing  catch-up in the next battleground for technology used in  cameras, video recorders and phones.
1	Sports Headlines from the Summer Olympics Saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 Olympics and even though American Michael Phelps will not be in the pool for the 400-meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
0	Rights groups protest terror detentions Hundreds of human rights campaigners have held a vigil outside a prison to protest against Britain #39;s detention without trial of 11 foreign terror suspects.
1	Owen should start MICHAEL OWEN is under an intense spotlight now after his early difficulties at Real Madrid and there #39;s talk Jermain Defoe may replace him for England on Saturday.
2	Russian Oil Giant Hopes ConocoPhillips Deal Will Help Iraq Project Russia #39;s top oil company, Lukoil, hopes that a US oil company #39;s acquisition of a 7.6 percent stake could boost its chances to retain a Saddam-era production-sharing 
2	Gold Fields bid for Iamgold in doubt TORONTO - Iamgold Corp. shares dipped more than 13 per cent in early trading on Monday after Harmony Gold Mining Co. launched a takeover bid for Gold Fields Inc.
3	Major Windows SP2 bug reveals documents worldwide PC WELT in Germany said it has discovered a major bug in Windows XP Service Pack 2 which will crack open your PC like a song thrush breaks a snail shell.
0	Canadians protest against Bush visit THOUSANDS of Canadians have taken to the streets in protest as US President George Bush began his first official visit to the country.
2	Shell  #39;faces \$1.5bn Nigeria bill #39; Nigeria #39;s Senate is reportedly to ask a Shell unit to pay \$1.5bn (0.84bn) compensation to oilfield communities for environmental damage.
1	Bucs Cut Veteran Kicker Martin Gramatica (AP) AP - When the telephone rang, Martin Gramatica was prepared for the news.
0	Rebuked Lawmaker Withstands Calls to Step Aside (Reuters) Reuters - House of Representatives Majority\Leader Tom DeLay, admonished twice in six days by his chamber's\ethics committee, withstood calls on Thursday by rival\Democrats and citizen groups that he step aside.
3	People Wait Overnight To Buy Sony #39;s New PSP Game Console They lined up and waited for hours, and in some cases camped out overnight to be the first to own one of Sony #39;s new handheld PlayStaion Portable devices (PSP) in Japan on Sunday.
2	Argentina loan program delay  #39;unadvisable #39;-bankers Argentina #39;s postponement of its International Monetary Fund loan program was  quot;very unadvisable quot; as the country tries to regain access to international credit markets, a global banking group said on Tuesday.
0	Amid protests, Fox touts successes Mexico leader tries to reassure nation MEXICO CITY -- Amid a welter of mass demonstrations and political conflicts, President Vicente Fox used his annual state-of-the-union address yesterday to try to assure Mexicans that their raucous, evolving democracy is on the right path.
1	San Jose State football coach resigns San Jose, CA (Sports Network) - San Jose State head football coach Fitz Hill announced his resignation, effective at season #39;s end.
0	Convention Protests Target Labor Policies (AP) AP - Republican National Convention protesters waved symbolic pink slips along a three-mile "unemployment line," labor unions demanded better treatment of workers and a group of AIDS activists infiltrated Madison Square Garden on Wednesday, as arrest totals soared beyond 1,700 for the past week.
1	Golf Roundup Han leads by two in Wendy #39;s tourney Han, the 2003 champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round yesterday to take a two-shot lead. Han had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
1	Eriksson Looking for Butt Deputy Sven-Goran Eriksson heralded a three-way contest for the vacant spot in Englands midfield after Nicky Butt was ruled out of this weekends opening 2006 World Cup qualifier in Austria.
2	Oil majors cannot spurn Yukos morsels LIKE beetles scurrying for cover after a stone is lifted, the oil companies of the West feigned disinterest yesterday in the \$8 billion (4.3 billion) fire 
2	Sainsbury #39;s Issues New Profits Warning Sainsburys showed further evidence it was suffering at the hands of price-cutting rivals today as it warned that first half profits would slump by nearly two-thirds.
2	Crude oil prices near US\$49 per barrel in New York Crude oil prices neared US\$49 per barrel Friday as Gulf of Mexico crude production rebounded at a slower pace than analysts had expected.
2	Southern Co. Quarterly Profit Rises Southern Co. (SO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which supplies power to the US Southeast, said Thursday its third-quarter earnings rose slightly, as increased energy use in the industrial 
2	US Airways #39; lenders extend financing terms - WSJ Several lenders to bankrupt air carrier US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to extend the terms of their financing arrangement to mid-January, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed 
2	Letter reveals reason behind the Ambani feud NEW DELHI: The real reasons behind the discord between the two Ambani brothers are slowly coming to light. At the core is the agenda of a Reliance Industries board meeting that took place on July 27, 04, and 
2	Gateway repeats loss forecast Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. said Monday it expects to report revenue and operating loss for its third fiscal quarter, in line with its previous forecast given in July.
0	Firefighter Killed in Iraq Is Recalled as a Hero Sgt. Christian Engeldrum, a New York firefighter who responded to the World Trade Center attack and died in Iraq, was mourned today in the Bronx.
0	Musharraf not decided on quitting army post: US WASHINGTON: The United States says that Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf would continue to move his country towards democratic reforms but has yet to take a decision on quitting as army chief.
2	Immucor CEO Is Subject of Criminal Probe Immucor Inc. on Tuesday said president and chief executive Gioacchino De Chirico will step aside as CEO while the company investigates a criminal probe into De Chirico and an Italian subsidiary.
0	Botswana elections to hand victory to party in power since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GABORONE : Voters went to the polls in diamond-rich Botswana in elections that are expected to hand victory to the party in power since independence in 1966 in one of Africa #39;s most stable countries.
3	Virgin Galactic launches space tourism Richard Branson, famed entrepreneur from Great Britain, has announced that he will launch the first passenger space service in 2007.
2	Dollar stronger at noon THE Australian dollar was trading stronger today as news of a takeover bid for Australian mining company WMC Resources supported the currency during morning trading.
3	RIAA files 750 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P2P software. The 750 new lawsuits were against  quot;John Doe quot; defendants not yet identified by the RIAA.
1	Down, but never out  The bright lights are gone. So are the screaming fans, the TV cameras, and the curvaceous card girls tucked into high heels and bikinis. But the scars on Micky Ward's face -- those are forever.
3	Dell gets down to CE business Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
2	Yukos handed \$4.2-bn tax bill MOSCOW: Tax authorities in Russia have handed Yukos, Russia #39;s largest oil producer, a \$4.2-billion tax bill for 2001, higher than the \$3.
2	Yukos chief sees little hope for oil giant The American chief executive of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos yesterday held out little hope of saving the company from dismemberment by the Putin government this month.
3	Fossil of last great ape ancestor found Paleontologiosts from the Miguel Crusafont Institute of Paleontology and the Diputacisn de Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain have found a fossil of a new ape species called Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, or its close relative that might have been the last 
1	Cubs Win Fourth Straight Derrek Lee hits an RBI single in the 10th inning and Aramis Ramirez homers in the seventh, leading the Cubs to a 2-1 win over the Mets.
3	Apple Recalls 28,000 Faulty Batteries Sold with 15-inch PowerBook Apple has had to recall up to 28,000 notebook batteries that were sold for use with their 15-inch PowerBook. Apple reports that faulty batteries sold between January 2004 and August 2004 can overheat and pose a fire hazard.
2	Martha Stewart Reports to Prison  ALDERSON, W.Va. (Reuters) - Trendsetter Martha Stewart  reported to a minimum-security prison known as "Camp Cupcake"  on Friday to serve a five-month sentence for a suspicious sale  of stock, U.S. prison officials said.
0	Russian vow  #39;a threat to everyone #39; Russia #39;s threat to target  quot;terrorists anywhere quot; is a danger to Britain, Europe and the rest of the world, a top Chechen separatist based in the UK has warned.
1	Shaq, Wade Have Turned Up the Heat in Miami  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Miami is off to its best  start in franchise history. The Heat won their first four games  of the 2004-05 campaign, with three of their victories by 10  points or more.
0	Iran conditions talks with US on change of Washington #39;s attitude Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi on Wednesday conditioned negotiations with the United States on a change in Washington #39;s attitude toward Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported.
2	Treasuries Dip But Selling Momentum Slows (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt was down a sliver\on Monday, but four straight days of selling appeared to be\sputtering out as investors awaited key events like a speech\from the Fed chairman and the crucial September jobs report.
1	Nextel leader Busch goes out early with blown engine HAMPTON, Ga. -- The Nextel Cup championship playoff got a major shakeup Sunday when points leader Kurt Busch went out with a blown engine early in the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
1	TORRE SERVES HIS BAN (New York Post) New York Post - TORONTO  #x2014; Suspended by MLB for yesterday's game, Yankee manager Joe Torre opted not to come to SkyDome at all, as Kevin Brown made his second start since returning from a broken left hand.
0	Russia Threatens to Strike Terror Bases (AP) AP - Russia's top general threatened on Wednesday to strike terrorists "in any region of the world," and the Kremlin offered a  #36;10 million reward for information leading to the killing or capture of Chechnya's top rebel leaders.
1	Motorsport: Solberg #39;s stage hat-trick PETTER SOLBERG and Welsh co-driver Phil Mills reeled in Wales Rally GB leader Sebastien Loeb with a stage win hat-trick yesterday.
1	San Diego Chargers Seek to Widen AFC Gap (AP) AP - The San Diego Chargers didn't expect to be leading the AFC West at this point in the season. And the Denver Broncos probably didn't expect to be trailing the Chargers in the standings.
3	PCCW delays UK broadband roll-out (FT.com) FT.com - PCCW, the Hong Kong telecoms group, has ruled out a nationwide roll-out of its UK wireless broadband service in the near term in a move that will reduce competition in the market for fast internet access.
0	Sun Edge Liberty to Reach WNBA Finals UNCASVILLE, Conn. - The Connecticut Sun reached the WNBA Finals for the first time by beating the New York Liberty 60-57 Sunday behind Taj McWilliams-Franklin's 18 points to complete a two-game sweep of the Eastern Conference finals...
0	Israel Expands Offensive in Gaza Strip JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - More troops poured into the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel expanded its offensive to counter Palestinian rocket fire, one of the largest incursions in four years of fighting. Seven Palestinians were killed in new clashes, including four who cut through Gaza's border fence...
0	Haiti Begins Mass Burials of Flood Victims PORT-AU-PRINCE, (Reuters) - Haiti began burying hundreds of flood victims in mass graves on Wednesday while emergency food was distributed to some of the thousands of people made homeless by Tropical Storm Jeanne.
0	Ambush Kills 50 Iraq Soldiers Execution Style The soldiers were taken from three buses at a fake checkpoint northeast of Baghdad and killed mostly with bullets to their heads.
2	TXU agrees to fine for ads DALLAS TXU Energy has agreed to pay a 530-thousand dollar fine over misleading advertisements about its electric rates. The proposed settlement is with the Public Utility Commission in Austin.
0	Supreme Court to Hear Commandments Case WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court said Tuesday it will take up the constitutionality of Ten Commandments displays on government land and buildings, a surprise announcement that puts justices in the middle of a politically sensitive issue.    Justices have repeatedly refused to revisit issues raised by their 1980 decision that banned the posting of copies of the Ten Commandments in public school classrooms...
0	Mexico Journalists Want More Security After Murders (Reuters) Reuters - More than 200 Mexican journalists\sent an urgent letter to President Vicente Fox on Monday\demanding better security after three journalists were murdered\this year, the latest one last week.
0	Karzai braves rally outside Kabul Afghan leader Hamid Karzai holds his only campaign rally outside Kabul, four days ahead of presidential polls.
0	Iran can discuss extension of enrichment suspension Iran #39;s senior nuclear negotiator said Monday that the Islamic republic was ready to discuss an extension of its suspension of uranium enrichment, but repeated a rejection to give up fuel cycle work altogether.
1	NL notables Houston's Roger Clemens (18-4) isn't scheduled to make another start before the end of the regular season, but has suggested he'd like to pitch in the regular-season finale against Colorado Sunday.
2	Fed Beige Book: Economic Growth Continued  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy continued its  expansion over the past month, with labor market conditions  improving and business lending on the rise, the Federal Reserve  said on Wednesday.
2	Disney #39;s Eisner to leave company in 2006 Eisner has said that Disney President and Chief Operating Officer Bob Iger would be his choice as successor, but the Disney board is expected to consider many candidates.
3	An Empire Built of Glass Designer James Carpenter understands the poetics of light and material, working with architects to enhance public places. Fourth in a series profiling this year's MacArthur 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.
2	Stocks Are Higher on Latest Economic Growth Reading Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
2	Taxing stock options globally PARIS Stock option accounting has become an international battleground, but those wars may be nearing an end as major industrial countries move toward rules that force companies to deduct the value of options from their earnings.
1	Ward converts skeptics ATHENS -- Andre Ward never understood why he should settle for less than what he wanted, so he didn't.
2	The Oil Bubble II In my column last month (The Oil Bubble: Set to Burst?) I discussed the speculative factors that pushed oil prices to all-time highs.
1	Southern discomfort The hottest team in football? You'd have to have your helmet on backward not to recognize the folks in Foxborough as they stand on the threshold of history. But take a peek south. You just might notice a couple of former laughingstocks who are no longer Sunday punchlines.
0	Time for tea, while a nation decides AFTER one of the most important speeches of his life, British Prime Minister Tony Blair was still fighting to reunite his New Labour Party yesterday as the war in Iraq continued to haunt his leadership.
2	Moody #39;s may downgrade Philippines TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Moody #39;s Investors Service said Tuesday it has placed on review for possible downgrade the Philippines #39; long-term foreign- and local currency ceilings and ratings due to concerns over the sustainability of the government #39;s fiscal and debt 
1	Woods considered skipping Tour Championship Tiger Woods enjoyed his three-week honeymoon so much that he considered extending it for a full month and skipping this week #39;s Tour Championship.
1	Chiefs Club Rams The Kansas City Chiefs tuned up their high-octane offense and ran over the St. Louis Rams, 24-7, on Monday night.
1	McNair sits out practice again, Carter added to injury list Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair sat out another practice Friday with a bruised sternum, and didn #39;t even try to throw even though coach Jeff Fisher said the injury is healing.
3	U.K.'s NHS licenses Sun's Java Desktop System Britain's National Health Service bought 5,000 licenses for Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java Desktop System as an alternative to Windows, in a move that could open the door for greater use of the open-source software by the health agency.
3	Cell Signaling Technology Carlos Del Castillo, IT manager at Cell Signaling Technology, drove the effort to move the company to Macs. Now  #147;no one worries about the system anymore, #148; he says.  #147;They #146;re concentrating on their work, using the Mac as a tool rather than as a computer. #148; Also, check out Why Mac for Science and other new features on the Science site.\ Nov 04
0	SURFER TORN IN TWO BY GREAT WHITE TWO Great White sharks ripped a schoolboy surfer in two off a packed beach yesterday. Nick Peterson, 18, was being towed on his surfboard behind his grandmother #39;s dinghy when a shark began attacking the boat.
0	Indonesian Shares Open 1.5 After Peaceful Elections -2- JAKARTA (Dow Jones)--Indonesian shares are sharply higher early Tuesday, boosted by a peaceful election and as early results show an apparent landslide victory for challenger Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, dealers said.
1	Maybe it #39;s too subtle Please forgive us our nonchalance about nuance. At 228, we #39;re still a toddler nation among great civilizations. We can #39;t help it if we can #39;t make such a big hoo-ha about a mysterious Japanese man slapping singles in the quietest corner of our country.
3	Eskimos Fret as Climate Shifts and Wildlife Changes Eskimos in the Arctic are worried about changes in the wildlife resulting from climate change and the gradual increase in contaminants.
2	Stocks Up on Data, Despite Oil's Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher for a third  successive day on Tuesday, even as oil prices rose to another  record, after investors were encouraged by data showing an  easing of inflationary pressure and a sharp rebound in the  housing market.
2	Willis Hires Top Marsh Exec, Stock Rises Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings Ltd. (WSH) on Monday said it hired a top executive from embattled rival Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
3	AT amp;T strikes VoIP deals with cable In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone service, AT amp;T has turned to cable companies to pitch the technology to more consumers. 
3	Sony to Launch Latest Gran Turismo Software in Dec  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Sony Corp. said on Friday it  would launch the latest version of its blockbuster racing game  software "Gran Turismo" in December in a potentially strong  boost for holiday sales of its PlayStation 2 console.
2	Ivan Crimps Jamaican Alumina Production  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Production at several alumina  refineries in Jamaica has been reduced and shipments slowed due  to damage caused by Hurricane Ivan, which battered the island  over the weekend, several companies said Tuesday.
0	Iraq Insurgents Kill Top Police, Hit U.S. Convoy (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed three high-ranking\Iraqi police officers in two separate attacks on Saturday,\among a daily round of bombings and ambushes targeting U.S.\forces and their Iraqi allies.
2	Stock market indicators turn positive as world oil prices retreat TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices receding, North American stock markets seem poised to advance Thursday, the last day of the financial third quarter for many corporations.
0	Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Faults US Military in Massacre Prime Minister Ayad Allawi blamed the American-led military forces on Tuesday for the weekend massacre of 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers, saying the military had shown  quot;major negligence.
3	Drug-dispensing Contact Lens Developed Drug-loaded contact lenses have been developed that could treat eye conditions such as glaucoma far more effectively than drops. Usually sufferers of glaucoma and many other eye conditions are prescribed eye drops.
3	Right Whales May Be Making a Comeback By MARY PEMBERTON     ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback...
1	F1: Grand Prix hopes splutter into life The British Grand Prix has been given a stay of execution after being included on Formula One #39;s draft 2005 calendar. Silverstone owners the British Racing Drivers #39; Club have 
0	Sharon will meet Assad  #39;under certain conditions #39; TEL AVIV: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday he was willing to meet Syrian President Bashar Assad under  quot;certain conditions, quot; an offer which Damascus swiftly turned down as unacceptable.
2	Jobless Claims Rise on Hurricanes  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans seeking  initial jobless benefits jumped by 18,000 last week, the  government said on Thursday, but it attributed the entire rise  to the effects of hurricanes that have battered the southern  United States.
0	Winnipeg couple charged with kidnapping, sexually assaulting niece, 12 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - A 12-year-old girl is trying to recover from a six-month nightmare during which police say the child's aunt and common-law husband drugged her, sexually assaulted her and threatened to kill her if she reported the abuse.
3	Program Combines Archaeology, Oceanography (AP) AP - The University of Rhode Island has designed a voyage to the bottom of the sea for students in an emerging field of scientific exploration  #151; archaeological oceanography.
3	Microsoft Launches Regional Versions of Hotmail (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest\software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet\email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it\said on Friday.
3	The case for women in the technology business &lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; IBM's Rebecca George fights her corner
0	Nigerian Militia Threatens Armed Struggle Militiamen trying to wrest control of the oil-rich Niger Delta threatened on Tuesday to launch a full-scale armed struggle #39; #39; on petroleum-pumping operations in Africa #39;s 
3	Groups Fight U.S. Plan to Kill Prairie Dogs (Reuters) Reuters - Eight conservation groups are fighting\the U.S. government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie\dogs in the grasslands of South Dakota, saying wildlife should\not take a backseat to ranching interests.
2	Oil goes below \$46 Crude prices drop further on anticipation that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices slumped again Monday, falling below \$46 a barrel, on anticipation that 
0	PLO to press Powell on road map Palestinian leaders will tell Colin Powell, the US secretary of state, who is visiting the occupied territories today, that they want the Bush administration to commit itself to the creation of a Palestinian state by the end of next year.
2	Westfield Group still a favourite FRANK Lowy #39;s Westfield Group dominates the listed property trust sector by size and remains a favoured stock among brokers. After the \$27 billion merger of the three Westfield trusts earlier 
0	IAEA Chief Says World Getting Impatient with N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea's two-year-old nuclear crisis  has taxed the world's patience, the chief United Nations  nuclear regulator said on Wednesday, urging communist Pyongyang  to return to its disarmament treaty obligations.
3	Global Warming Fast Facts Global Warming is a hot topic that shows little sign of cooling down. Earth's climate &lt;i&gt;is&lt;/i&gt; changing, but just how it's happening, and our own role in the process, is less certain. &lt;b&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
2	Sears Posts Loss, Cuts Outlook Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. department store chain, on Thursday posted an unexpected  third-quarter loss and cut its full-year profit forecast,  sending its shares tumbling more than 8 percent.
0	Political prisoners release a legal matter, says Aziz ISLAMABAD: The issue of releasing political prisoners is a legal matter and it is up to the courts to decide cases against them, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Sunday.
2	Bioscrypt shares soar on hopes for new ID product Shares of Bioscrypt Inc. (BYT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped 18 percent on Wednesday after it said it had teamed up with IBM (IBM.
0	Bigley #39;s brother says police raided home The brother of a British hostage in Iraq says intelligence officers raided his Dutch home, copied data from his computer and forced him to make a five-page statement about his activities.
0	Crippled Canadian sub set for safe harbour Montreal - The British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, crippled since a fire at sea that killed one of its crew, is under tow and is expected in Faslane, Scotland, early next week, Canadian naval commander Tyrone Pile said on Friday.
2	US army 'to axe Halliburton deal' The Pentagon is to end the contract Halliburton has to service US troops in Iraq, the Wall Street Journal reports.
3	Broadband in Suburbia (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In many ways, Brambleton looks like any of the new housing developments that have popped up near Dulles Airport in the past several years. Except coursing under its crisp green lawns and treeless streets is a fiber-optic network that supplies some 600 homes with Internet access at speeds once reserved for the largest corporations.
3	Microsoft Contests Patent Decision Microsoft is in court today contesting a Federal Court ruling in favour of Eolas for \$565 million. The court upheld a lower court ruling that Microsoft #39;s popular Internet Exporer browser infringed on patents 
0	US, G-8 nations to talk of Iran penalties Friday The Bush administration will take up strategy for UN sanctions against Iran at a meeting Friday of senior officials from eight nations.
3	Beyond "Polar Express": Fast Facts on the Real North Pole With &lt;i&gt;The Polar Express&lt;/i&gt; chugging into movie theaters and a fictional North Pole, we're finding out that sometimes truth really is stranger than fiction. &lt;b&gt;Photo Gallery&lt;/b&gt;
2	Air Canada announces deal to buy at least 30 Bombardier regional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Air Canada, due to emerge from bankruptcy-court protection this week, announced a revised deal with aircraft maker Bombardier on Monday that includes fewer firm orders.
2	Oil-price boom a boon for producers Not everyone was complaining when the price of a barrel of oil flirted with the \$50 mark on global markets earlier this summer. For Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, it meant more money to 
3	Blogs look burly after kicking sand on CBS Bloggers enjoy a moment of glory after pooling their expertise to uncover the truth about the forged memos on Bush #39;s service record.
3	Oracle vows 'oversupport' for PeopleSoft customers Oracle is concerned PeopleSoft customers might abandon maintenance contracts that could help it spend more on new software products to compete with SAP AG, the world's biggest business software maker.
2	Oil Rebounds \$1 as Heating Supplies Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows Wednesday, jumping \$1 as a drawdown in U.S. heating fuel  stocks rekindled worries about thin supply levels ahead of the  northern winter.
3	Sun trims fourth-quarter earnings by \$12M In financial documents filed with the SEC, Sun Microsoystems said its net income for the quarter that ended June 30 had been revised downward by \$12 million and 1 cent per share.
1	Pavano Wants to Pitch for Yankees (AP) AP - Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about  #36;39 million.
0	Florida Calls for Hurricane Evacuations MIAMI - Nearly a half-million people were ordered to evacuate as Hurricane Frances swirled toward Florida on Wednesday just weeks after Charley's devastating visit, threatening to deliver the most powerful one-two punch to hit a state in at least a century.    Those planning to ride out the storm snapped up canned food, water and generators, while military helicopters and planes were flown out of the area and Cape Canaveral's Kennedy Space Center said it would close on Thursday...
3	Microsoft readies Windows Server 2003 R2 beta SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft Corp. has started recruiting testers for the first beta of Windows Server 2003 R2, an update to Windows Server that the vendor plans to ship in October next year.
1	NFL: Johnson and Johnson Stun Broncos (Reuters) Reuters - Chad Johnson and Rudi Johnson both\scored long touchdowns as the Cincinnati Bengals stunned the\Denver Broncos 23-10 in the National Football League on Monday.
3	Search Engines 201 Want to dive deep -- really deep -- into the technical literature about search engines?  Here's a road map to some of the best web information retrieval resources available online.
0	Japan Issues Order to Deport Ex-Chess Champ Fischer  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday ordered the deportation  of former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, wanted at home in  the United States for breaking sanctions, rejecting his demand  for protection as a political refugee.
0	2 children killed in Gaza explosion Two Palestinian children were killed Friday in the explosion of an apparent roadside bomb near Khan Younis in Gaza, reports said. But Palestinian sources said the children, an 8 
1	Hu wins China #39;s record sixth Olympic diving gold medal Chinese divers dominated again at these Olympics, winning a record six gold medals, so it was fitting that in the last event they were left to compete against themselves.
2	Sprint buys Breeders Cup sponsor Nextel for \$35-billion Sprint Corp. is to acquire Nextel Communications Inc., title sponsor of the Breeders Cup Distaff (G1), in a \$35-billion deal that will create the nations third-largest wireless telephone service provider 
0	Blair presses Sudan over Darfur KHARTOUM: Britains Prime Minister Tony Blair pressed Sudanese President Omar Hassan Al Bashir on Wednesday to end violence in Darfur on the highest-level visit from a Western government official since the crisis erupted.
2	Kraft Sells UK Desserts Unit for \$135 Mln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. said on Thursday it  has agreed to sell its UK desserts unit to Premier Foods Plc  for \$135 million in a bid to focus on larger-scale businesses.
1	NFL Game Summary - Jacksonville At Tennessee Nashville, TN -- Fred Taylor scored on a one-yard run with nine seconds left in the fourth quarter to lift the Jacksonville Jaguars to a 15-12 victory over the Tennessee Titans at The Coliseum.
1	WEST VIRGINIA 27, SYRACUSE 6 Mountaineers Roll Over Orange Rasheed Marshall told a teammate at the start of the season he thought he would break Donovan McNabb #39;s Big East rushing record for quarterbacks against Syracuse.
0	Love must stand trial for assault Courtney Love must stand trial for assault for assault after a court hears testimony from her alleged victim.
0	Britain to set free foreign terror suspect The British government is to release a foreign national held without charge or trial under the anti-terrorism laws introduced in the wave of the Sept.
1	Toronto Raptors Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - Chris Bosh scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead Toronto to a 95-88 win over Houston at the Air Canada Centre.
3	RosettaNet Extends to Singapore E-business standards consortium RosettaNet spread its wings over Singapore with the opening of its Architecture Center of Excellence, the group said Friday.
3	Starbucks launches first of  quot;music bars quot; for CD burning SEATTLE, United States : Coffee shop giant Starbucks said it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
0	Peres Says Coalition Talks Could Be Resolved in Days  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli opposition leader Shimon  Peres said on Saturday coalition talks between his party and  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon could be resolved in days, a move  likely to avert snap elections and promote a Gaza pullout.
0	REGION: EU warns Iran nuclear row could still go to UN STRASBOURG: The EU reiterated on Wednesday that an accord on Irans nuclear plans was a step in the right direction, but warned the row may still go to the UN Security Council if the deal is not rapidly implemented.
1	Kuznetsova beats injured Davenport, becomes first Russian woman to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lindsay Davenport hobbled her way out of the US Open, losing a big lead and able to do little but watch Svetlana Kuznetsova win 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 and become the first Russian woman to reach the final at this tournament.
0	Pakistanis Divided on President #39;s Failure to Give Up Military Post A new bill that would allow Pakistan #39;s president to continue serving as head of the military is generating controversy across the country.
0	UK to Send Troops Into US-Controlled Area of Iraq (Update1) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government, risking criticism from lawmakers in the ruling Labour Party, said it will redeploy 850 troops now in southern Iraq to a region controlled by US forces.
0	Protest in Kashmir over alleged rape of girl, mother (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of people in Indian Kashmir staged a protest on Sunday, alleging that soldiers had raped a 10-year-old girl and her mother, police and witnesses said.
0	US to throw out terror verdicts The justice department is set to overturn the convictions of three men after it emerged mistakes were made in the case.
2	J.  J. Is Said to Be Near Deal to Buy Guidant Johnson   Johnson, the pharmaceutical and health care giant, is near a deal to buy Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
3	Linux Looms Larger Than Thought The overall Linux market is far larger than previous estimates show, a new study says. In an analysis of the Linux market released late Tuesday, market research firm IDC estimated that the Linux market -- including 
2	EU Court to Revisit WorldCom's Deals  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A European Union court is set to rule  this week on a \$120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the  height of the go-go years that still resonates today.
0	Blunkett investigator to be named An independent investigator who will study claims that Home Secretary David Blunkett abused his position is to be named.
3	Antarctic Glacier-Melt Increasing Dramatically As early as the 1970s, several theorists and climate modelers predicted that global warming would cause ice shelves in the oceans around Antarctica to melt and release glaciers.
1	Ecclestone closing door on British GP Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone has said that time has run out for the organisers of the British Grand Prix to save the race for the 2005 season.
1	Rallying Red Sox on Verge of Historic Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boston Red Sox can make baseball  history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a  three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.
0	Pro-hunt farmers boot military off their land (AFP) AFP - Well-heeled farmers, furious over a proposed law to ban fox hunting, have blocked military from using their land for training exercises.
1	NL: Bonds Drills 700th Career Homer Against Padres  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds hit his 700th career home run on Friday to join  Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth as the only major league players to  reach the milestone.
0	Israeli Missiles Kill 1 and Wound 5 (AP) AP - An Israeli missile strike killed one Palestinian and wounded five early Saturday, hours after militants killed an Israeli-American woman in the first deadly shelling of a Jewish settlement in Gaza in four years of fighting.
3	MPAA Slaps P2P Networks with Lawsuits and Arrests Online file-sharing is less of a problem for the movie industry because it has a much more diverse revenue model. In addition to the sale of movie tickets, money comes in from co-branding 
3	Site bolsters racism awareness A website is launched with the aim of educating people in Scotland to challenge racism and intolerance.
3	Genesis Samples Arrive at Space Center (AP) AP - Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project's curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle that could hold clues to the origins of the solar system.
3	Superfluous Wiki Implementations \\Why are there no fewer than 500 different Wiki implementations?\\MoinMoin, Jot, JSPWiki, InterWiki, MediaWiki, SocialText, Twiki, Team Notepad,\PhpWiki, WikiDoc, Project Forum, xWiki, AspWiki, SnipSnap, AsWiki, eGroupware\Wiki, Hiki, MiniWiki, MyWiki, ParseWiki, PHP Groupware Wiki, Trac, Usemod Wiki,\Wiliki, Zope zWiki... I'm sure I could go on...\\Aren't most of these Open Source?  Can't some of these projects merge?  For god\sake *stop it*!  The world doesn't need another wiki applications.\
3	Schwarzenegger Opens Stop on 'Hydrogen Highway' (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger dedicated a pioneering hydrogen fueling station\on Friday, calling it the first stop in a "hydrogen highway"\that would someday stretch across the nation's most populous\state as drivers switch to the cleaner-burning fuel.
0	Chile: Pinochet stripped of immunity This has revived the hopes of his foes who want him to stand trial on charges of human rights abuses for atrocities under his 1973-1990 regime.
0	For Democrats, library a place to raise voices (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Weeks don't get much better if you are William Jefferson Clinton. For the third time in 12 eventful years, this proud Southern city is bedecked with bunting and banners to welcome the world, this time for today's opening of Clinton's  #36;165 million presidential library.
1	Sven: Rio captaincy material Following the end of his eight-month ban for missing a drugs test, the defender is set to return to the England squad on Sunday night ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
2	Marsh to avoid criminal charges Giant insurance broker Marsh and McLennan is now expected to escape criminal charges over illegal payments. It has been the subject of legal action over the payments by New Yrok attorney general Eliot Spitzer.
0	Delegate: Al-Sadr Agrees to Withdraw (AP) AP - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has accepted a peace plan drafted by the Iraqi National Conference, which would include laying down arms and withdrawing his militia from a holy shrine in the city of Najaf, a delegate told the conference Wednesday.
3	ShapeShipOne Wins \$10 Million X-Prize The privately-funded craft SpaceShipOne has completed a flight into space after an airborne launch above the California desert. The flight will bring the spaceship crew the \$10 million X Prize.
1	San Francisco at San Diego, 10:05 PM SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants resume their fight for a playoff spot in the second game of their series with the San Diego Padres, who are on the verge of being eliminated from the race.
1	Texas Pitcher Arrested After Throwing Chair Into Stands Relief pitcher Frank Francisco was arrested Tuesday on a charge of aggravated battery after he threw a chair that hit two fans during Monday's Rangers-Athletics game.
1	Teenager Answers Charges in Turkey-Throwing Case Striding purposefully but with his head down, Ryan Cushing, the Huntington teenager accused of throwing a turkey that severely injured a passing driver last month, was 
1	Golf roundup: Barnes takes Aussie lead Kurt Barnes held a two-stroke lead Thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Australian Open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
0	Malki: Abu Mazen should oversee transition If Marwan Barghouti really wants to be chairman of the Palestinian Authority, he should withhold his candidature at this time and allow Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) to take responsibility for the transition into the post-Arafat era.
0	Two Russian planes crash, terrorism investigated While the near-simultaneous crash of two Russian aircraft is undoubtedly a terrible coincidence, authorities there are saying no proof has emerged yet to show this was terrorism.
1	Braves Beat Astros 4-2 to Even National League Playoff Series Rafael Furcal hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th inning as the Atlanta Braves beat the Houston Astros 4-2 to even their first-round National League playoff series at one game apiece.
3	Apple Stock Jumps to 4-Year High on IPod Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
2	Dollar Up Vs Yen on Weak Machinery Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen on  Thursday as surprisingly limp machinery orders data for Japan  helped investors to recoup earlier losses made on cautious  remarks about U.S. growth by the Federal Reserve chief.
1	FIA mandates engine power cuts FIA, the governing body of Formula One, has approved new engine regulations which will see manufacturers switch to 2.4 litre V8 engines in place of the current 3-litre V10 powerplants in 2006.
1	NBA Jazz to retire Stockton's number (AFP) AFP - The National Basketball Association's Utah Jazz will retire the jersey number of retired star guard John Stockton, the club announced.
1	Heikki scoops prestigious award! Heikki Kovalainen, World Series by Nissan Champion and RDD member, was named Racing Driver of the Year in Finland last week.
3	Lobbyists Try to Kill Philly Wireless Plan (AP) AP - Philadelphia's plan to offer inexpensive wireless Internet as a municipal service  #151; the most ambitious yet by a major U.S. city  #151; has collided with commercial interests including the local phone company, Verizon Communications Inc.
2	Q3 worldwide computer sales up 9.7 US giant Dell was the sector leader with 16.8 of the market, the Gartner research institute said today. Unit sales came to 46.9 million in the July-September period against 42.
3	Anteon gets Defense contract The US Joint Forces Command has awarded a \$29 million contract to design, establish and maintain a Joint Advanced Training Technology Laboratory to Anteon International Corp.
2	Microsoft Stays Pricing Course By announcing plans to maintain its current per-processor server software licensing, Microsoft Corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
2	Durable Goods Orders Rise in July America's factories saw orders for costly manufactured goods in July post the biggest gain in four months, an encouraging sign that the economy is emerging from an early summer funk.
3	Briefly: Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge roundup Plus: RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux...Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7...SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss.
1	UNITED THROUGH MANCHESTER, England: Manchester United qualified for the Champions League knockout phase with a 2-1 Group D victory over French champions Olympique Lyon last night.
0	Russian prosecutor says Beslan school attackers were drug addicts (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Forensic tests have shown that some of the militants who took more than 1,000 people hostage in a school in the southern Russian town of Beslan last month were drug addicts, a senior prosecutor was quoted as saying Sunday.
3	Livermore: No need for HP-UX on x86 CHICAGO -- This cannot be an easy time for Ann Livermore. When Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) missed Wall Street's earnings expectations late last week, the blame was placed squarely on the shoulders of the Enterprise Servers and Storage Group, one of the divisions she manages. "Unacceptable" problems within the group cost HP \$400 million in revenue and \$275 million in operating profit, said HP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina just hours before HP announced the sacking of three senior executives within the division.
2	Bill Gates Remains Atop List Of Richest: Forbes WASHINGTON, Sept 24 (AFP) - Bill Gates kept his ranking atop the richest people in the United States, boosting his worth to 48 billion dollars, but investor Warren Buffett edged closer, Forbes magazine said Friday.
0	Stocks Edge Up on GDP Reading, Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices. The tech-dominated Nasdaq composite index posted especially robust gains...
2	Google Challenge: Keeping Wealthy Workers (Reuters) Reuters - As Google Inc.   nears\the end of its first quarter as a public company, industry\watchers say one of its emerging challenges is how to keep\soon-to-be wealthy workers from cashing out and moving on.
0	China and Taiwan Vie for Vanuatu Ties China said on Thursday that the coalition government of Vanuatu had withdrawn an agreement by its prime minister to switch diplomatic relations to Beijing #39;s rival, Taiwan.
3	UK Rolls Out New VoIP Numbers British telecom regulator Ofcom said its approach to VoIP and release of new telephone numbering for it was aimed at encouraging the services through reduced costs and increased competition.
1	Gag Title Moves South Now, the single biggest postseason flop in baseball history does not belong to the Red Sox, who pass the uncontested title to the Yankees.
0	Death toll reaches 35 in Philippine typhoon MANILA - Powerful Typhoon Yoyong, which pounded the main Philippine island Luzon from late Thursday, killed at least 35 people in landslides, electrocutions and by falling trees, disaster officials said Friday.
2	UPDATE: NZ Vector To Buy NGC Stake For NZ\$877M, Eyes IPO WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s biggest electricity lines network company, Vector Ltd., will launch a NZ\$1.33 billion takeover bid for NGC Holdings Ltd.
3	Adoption Awareness Month Begins The event educated families on the adoption process. More than 100- thousand children in the US are waiting to be adopted. Kathy Searle/ Utah Director of Adoption Exchange:  quot;We want to give hope to children 
3	Cassini Sending Back Data on Saturn Moon (AP) AP - Scientists say the Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan has some familiar features, but that it still remains one of the strangest worlds.
3	Want a Treo 650? Better Sprint SAN FRANCISCO--Those wanting to get their hands on a Treo 650 this year will need to sign up for service from Sprint PCS. Sprint has cornered the market for this year, scooping up all of PalmOne #39;s capacity until sometime in 2005.
1	NFL backups quick to step up Several starting spots may have been usurped or at least threatened after relatively solid understudy showings Sunday, but few players welcome the kind of shot delivered to Oakland 
1	Jones ends up short in relay, long jump In the precious milliseconds it took to miss the exchange of an aluminum relay baton, American Marion Jones #39; brave smile gave way to a flood of tears.
1	AUSSIES OFF TO A FLYER Australia have all but assured they will remain inh the Davis Cup World Group after opening up a commanding 2-0 lead over injury-hit Morocco on Friday.
2	Judge Will Mull Voiding UAL Union Deals  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge agreed on  Friday to consider a motion by United Airlines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; to  cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
1	Spurrier to Coach South Carolina The Nashville Tennessean reports Spurrier has agreed to take over at South Carolina if Lou Holtz retires. Spurrier won a national championship and six SEC championships in 12 seasons at Florida before leaving to take the Washington Redskins job.
2	Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft to Get EU Clearance, People Say Oracle Corp. will win unconditional European Union approval for its \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., ending the longest-ever merger review by EU antitrust regulators, according to people familiar with the situation.
0	Injured Woods Two Shots Back at Amex THOMASTOWN, Ireland - Tiger Woods looked as if he should have withdrawn with a bad back. He played as if he was capable of winning the American Express Championship for a third straight time...
2	Crude oil price drop buoys sentiment TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The Nikkei Average finished the morning just under the key 11,000 mark after breaking that level earlier Monday following US gains as the pullback in oil prices eased concerns about corporate profits.
3	Clarke's x-ray specs - police swoops, detectors for schools Another ministerial preemptive strike...
2	Merck files new termination plan BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Merck  amp; Co. has adopted a new plan to compensate senior management in case of a corporate takeover, according to regulatory filings made Monday.
1	Cost Cap Proposed D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp attempts to put a high-water mark on the price of a stadium that would force a relocation if the price is too high.
1	Moya endures rain, Gaudio to advance They waited for almost eight hours to finally start playing and then they rushed to finish with more sprinkles falling, but Carlos Moya wasn #39;t complaining in the end.
3	Anti-spam screensaver scrapped A controversial campaign by Lycos Europe to attack websites run by spammers has been shut down.
0	US steps up pressure on Falluja Artillery fire is heard on the outskirts of the  Iraqi city of Falluja amid expectations of a major assault against rebels. 
1	Bears Wide Receiver Terrell Arrested (Reuters) Reuters - Chicago Bears wide\receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic\violations.
1	Ponson, O #39;s Unable to Catch Up There were countless outings for Sidney Ponson earlier in the year when a slow start roiled into a disastrous outing. He would simply feel the game slipping from 
1	Stuck in a Rundown Everyone surrounding the Nationals returned Wednesday to a question that has haunted the team since its days in Montreal: What do we do now?
3	Land of Potatoes Aims to Be High-Tech Hotbed (Reuters) Reuters - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are\aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
1	Abramovich faces UEFA inquiry over CSKA links UEFA is to investigate the links Roman Abramovich has to CSKA Moscow after the Russian club was drawn in the same Champions League group as Chelsea.
0	Kashmir women's bill voted out Indian-administered Kashmir's state assembly rejects a bill affecting Kashmiri women who marry non-Kashmiri men.
2	China Construction Valued at 194 Bln Yuan on Revamp (Update2) China Yangtze Power Co., Shanghai Baosteel Group and State Grid Corp. will invest 8 billion yuan (\$964 million) in China Construction Bank in a reorganization valuing the nation #39;s third-largest lender at 194 billion yuan.
2	Flautre: Referendum Proposal is a Shame Helene Flautre, a French citizen and Chairwoman of the European Parliament (EP) #39;s Subcommittee on Human Rights said that France #39;s proposed referendum on Turkey #39;s membership to the European Union (EU) is a shame.
1	Hong Kong Emerge as Dominant Force in Fencing A third gold medal for Chui Yee Yu rounded off a rewarding day for Hong Kong at the Paralympics as they emerged as the dominant force in wheelchair fencing.
3	India's Satyam posts 28 percent jump in second quarter profit (AFP) AFP - Leading Indian software exporter, Satyam, second quarter profit rose 27.92 percent to 41.2 million dollars on the back of strong orders and rationalisation of costs.
3	Feds go for hypothetical defence in airline ID case Rule might or might not exist. But then it'd be secret
0	Island in shock at verdicts Until yesterday, they were all big men, swaggering round a tiny island. But in its sweltering courtroom, six Pitcairners were exposed for what they are: bullies, rapists and child-abusers.
3	Microsoft blows into Florida with Visual Studio 2005 Microsoft ignored the apocalyptic weather threatening Florida yesterday to unveil the beta version of its Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!
2	Ivan raises gas prices far from landfall Carolyn Roberts was ready for heavy wind and rain as the remnants of Hurricane Ivan approached northwest Georgia, but she didn #39;t anticipate storm-driven sticker shock at the gas pump.
1	Jacques wants revenge on BAR Renault couldn #39;t have chosen to better driver to replace Jarno Trulli than Jacques Villeneuve, as there is nothing the Canadian wants more than revenge on his former team, BAR.
0	U.S. Researchers Share 2004 Nobel Prize STOCKHOLM, Sweden - American researchers Richard Axel and Linda B. Buck shared the 2004 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine on Monday for their work on the sense of smell - showing how, for example, a person can smell a lilac in the spring and recall it in the winter...
3	iRiver H10 Finally, the wait is over. After a long wait, iRiver has finally decided to challenge the might of Creative and Apple in the 5 GB portable music player department.
1	Seattle QB Matt Hasselbeck Improving (AP) AP - Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck's injured right thigh is improving, thanks partly to acupuncture treatments, and he could be ready to play Sunday against Buffalo.
3	Genesis Samples 'Looking Very, Very Good' Jet Propulsion Lab -- The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission's temporary cleanroom at the U.S. Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA's Johnson Space Center, Houston...
3	How Google floated past Wall St By going Dutch, the geeks of the search engine taught the bankers a lesson in finance, writes John Naughton. If you were seeking a case study in schadenfreude, then last week #39;s coverage of the Google flotation 
0	Reform candidate enters PA race Palestinian democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti joins the race to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian president.
3	Robots set to get homely by 2007 Robots are set to become increasingly familiar companions in homes by 2007, says a United Nations survey. Seven times more robots will helping us out with the cleaning, security and entertainment in three 
0	ANALYSIS-Red Sea bombs fit al Qaeda #39;s aims and methods The bombings on Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast appear to bear the hallmarks of al Qaeda or a related group and to fit the agenda of Osama bin Laden #39;s network, security sources and analysts said.
2	UAL Corp. Begins to Seek Bankruptcy Exit Financing United Airlines has begun reaching out to potential lenders for financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday. The UAL Corp.
2	Xstrata Says Seeking WMC To Enhance Copper Profit Stream SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Xstrata Plc (XTA.LN) said Monday that its A\$6.35-a-share cash bid for Australia #39;s WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.
3	New Crew Sets Off for International Space Station By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan (AP) -- A rocket carrying two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to the international space station streaked into orbit on Thursday, the latest flight of a Russian space vehicle to fill in for grounded U.S. shuttles...
0	Assaults on Baghdad police, mosque kill 30 In the deadliest insurgent violence in weeks, rebels in Baghdad struck a police station and a mosque Friday in brazen dawn attacks, killing at least 30 people and wounding nearly an equal number.
1	Fundamental problems After New England's 31-3 loss to the Bengals in Cincinnati Saturday night, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was asked if he took solace in the fact that, over the last few seasons, his team has had a penchant for overcoming adversity.
3	Scientists make phone that turns into a sunflower Materials company Pvaxx Research   Development has developed a plastic-looking polymer that degrades into soil when discarded, feeding a sunflower seed contained in a phone cover developed in conjunction with the polymer.
0	German referendum on EU constitution unlikely but not impossible Germany could hold a referendum to approve the European Union #39;s new constitution if changes can be made to its own basic law in time for such a vote, a government spokesman said Monday.
1	10 killed in crash of US small plane in Virginia A small plane en route to a NASCAR race crashed Sunday in southern Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said. The Beech 200 took off from Concord, North Carolina 
1	Tigers eager to shake bitter losses BATON ROUGE, LA. - No. 13 LSU has two tough road games coming up, against Georgia next weekend and Florida the week after that. Tigers coach Nick Saban doesn #39;t have to worry about his players looking past Mississippi State today, however.
2	Accor Hotels Group Reports Drop in Profit PARIS - French hotels group Accor SA on Wednesday reported a 24 percent drop in first-half net profit as its brands such as Sofitel and Motel 6 suffered from the uneven recovery in the global travel market.
1	Kings 113 Suns 111 PHOENIX Chris Webber had a season-high 28 points and ten rebounds as the Sacramento Kings shook off their worst loss of the early season and beat the Phoenix Suns 113-to-111.
3	Warners Pacts for 'Syriana,' 'Action' (Reuters) Reuters - Warner Bros. Pictures\has partnered with the production company of Jeff Skoll, who\previously was eBay's first full-time employee and first\president.
3	Microsoft, Amazon Take Phishers to Court Microsoft and Amazon.com have joined forces against perpetrators of phishing scams, filing a lawsuit against a Canadian company that they say ran a spamming campaign using Microsoft #39;s Hotmail services and forging Amazon #39;s name.
2	No relief as IMF and World Bank talks on poor end in failure THE worlds leading finance officials and ministers yesterday failed to reach agreement on debt relief for the poorest nations. Wrapping up a weekend of IMF and World Bank talks in Washington, no agreement appeared to have been secured.
3	SBC, Sprint deal doubles Wi-Fi customers #39; hot spot access Through a deal with rival SBC Communications Inc., Sprint Corp. will almost double the number of places subscribers can wirelessly log on to the Internet at high speeds, according to a report from the Kansas City Business Journal.
3	OSDL Looks Under the Sofa Cushions for Signs of Linux Growth The Open Source Development Labs has gone into the soothsayer business and - based on research that it had IDC run up - says that the global Linux market will be worth \$35.7 billion in 2008.
0	Iraqi resistance pushes the US back Iraqi resistance fighters are steadily rolling back the US-led occupation of their country, turning one city after another into a no-go zone for the occupation troops.
1	Bellevue dominates dream matchup against De La Salle At almost noon yesterday, the Bellevue High School linebacker was just waking up from a deep slumber, the kind a body dives into after extreme physical exertion.
3	Anti-spam plan overwhelms sites A plan to bump up the bandwidth bills of spammers seems to be getting out of control. Earlier this week Lycos Europe released a screensaver that bombards spam websites with data to try to increase the cost of running such sites.
1	Gators Shock 'Noles Chris Leak throws a touchdown as Florida upsets No. 10 Florida State, 20-13, in Ron Zook's last game as coach. It is the Gators first win in Tallahassee since 1986.
3	Intel Pulls Plug on 4-Gigahertz Chip In recent months, Intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. It overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut.
1	NL Highlights - CUBS 2, METS 1: At New York, Derrek Lee hit an RBI single in the 10th inning to give Chicago its fourth straight win to maintain the NL wild-card lead.
0	Iran Halts Key Nuclear Work to Avoid Sanctions  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran on Monday suspended sensitive  nuclear activities that could be used to make a bomb in a move  likely to thwart U.S. efforts to report the Islamic Republic to  the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions.
3	Briefly: Apple issues Mac OS X security update roundup Plus: Start-up delivers movie downloads...Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group...Macromedia announces training tool...Yahoo launches local-search engine.
1	ROY LANG III: America thanks you, Paul Casey The bad blood returns! And it may be exactly what the United States needed to turn the tide in the Ryder Cup. Thanks to Englishman -- by birth, really -- Paul Casey, the hugs and kisses the Americans and Europeans 
3	House passes anti-spyware bill On a unanimous vote the US House of Representatives Thursday approved a bill making many  quot;spyware quot; activities illegal. Spyware can be surreptitiously loaded into a computer via the Internet and extract information 
3	Bogus Degrees Lawsuit An online university that supposedly granted a business degree to a cat has been sued for consumer fraud. The lawsuit was filed by the Pennsylvania Attorney General #39;s Office against Dallas-based Trinity Southern 
1	Dogged Astros Refocus Eyes on Texas The pitching coach who has been in professional baseball for 40 years thought the ball was too low. The relief pitcher who has been on major league mounds for more than a decade feared it would bounce on the plate.
2	Beazer notifies \$80.1 million 4Q profit Beazer Homes USA Inc., the US homebuilder, has announced that fourth-quarter earnings increase as a result of home orders growth in Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and West regions.
2	FCC approves Cingular/AWS merger WASHINGTON-The Federal Communications Commission today conditionally approved the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
3	Search Marketing in Europe Search marketing is increasingly global, but a local focus is still vital to achieve your goals.  What does it take to have a successful search marketing campaign in Europe?
2	Stocks Trim Losses, Drugs and Oil Drag  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks cut some losses late  Friday afternoon as investors did some bargain hunting for drug  stocks, which were beaten down to relatively cheap prices after  a slew of negative reports earlier in the day.
1	WEATHER DELAYS BRITAIN #39;S DAVIS CUP BID Great Britain #39;s stormy recent Davis Cup history continued today with bad weather delaying their World Group play-off against Austria in Portschach.
0	Dutch PM: EU must integrate immigrants better Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende urged the European Union to work harder on integrating ethnic minorities into European society, citing mounting tensions and a spate of reprisal attacks in his country following a murder allegedly committed by a 
2	Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to US Data The dollar gained tentatively on Monday, recovering from last week #39;s record low against the euro and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their sights to US economic reports due later in the week.
1	Murray State favorite to win OVC Losing ten players usually means a rebuilding year. Not at Murray State. Despite the loss, the Racers were picked as the pre-season favorite to win the Ohio Valley Conference.
0	Pakistan Army Pounds Militants' Mountain Hideouts  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - The Pakistani army fired mortar  bombs and artillery shells at suspected mountain hideouts of al  Qaeda-linked militants in a remote tribal region on Friday, but  there were no details of casualties, witnesses said.
2	County #39;s economic forecast outshines national The future of the economy looks strong for San Diego County but less promising for the nation as a whole, according to two economic reports released yesterday.
1	Chiefs Stun Falcons in 56-10 Rout (AP) AP - Shredding what had been the NFL's leading defense against the rush, Priest Holmes and Derrick Blaylock each scored four times on the ground Sunday in Kansas City's stunning 56-10 rout of Atlanta.
1	Coxless four into final Britain's rowers cruise into Saturday's final of the men's coxless four at the Olympics.
3	NASA: Fixing Shuttle Fleet Could Top  #36;2B (AP) AP - NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top  #36;2.2 billion  #151; double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.
1	Walpole back on top State titles were common for the Walpole field hockey teams of the 1990s, and now that prize has returned to Common Street.
2	Strike halts Assam tea production A one-day strike by tea workers in India's north-eastern state of Assam brings work in 800 tea gardens to a halt.
1	An opening night shortfall NEW YORK -- Tracing the tracks of their tears back to the ballpark in the Bronx where all the horrible things happened last October, the Red Sox returned to the American League Championship Series last night, fell behind, 8-0, then rallied mightily before again succumbing to the Yankees, 10-7.
0	For Young Armenians, a Promised Land Without Promise An independent Armenia has proved too constricting and its promise too distant for the next generation's ambitions.
0	Yanks Advance to ALCS After Beating Twins MINNEAPOLIS - A big home run by Ruben Sierra, a clutch 11th-inning hit by Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees are headed right back where most people figured - playing the Boston Red Sox for the AL pennant. Sierra's three-run homer in the eighth inning tied it, then Rodriguez doubled, alertly stole third base and scored the go-ahead run on a wild pitch by Kyle Lohse to lift the Yankees over the Minnesota Twins 6-5 Saturday...
3	Looking for Water on the Red Planet Description: Scientists exploring Mars via the rover  #39;Opportunity #39; published 11 papers detailing the progress of the research being done in an area called Meridiani Planum.
1	Wizards Top Galaxy, Head to Championships (AP) AP - Davy Arnaud scored two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game.
1	No. 3 seed will face Burgsmuller for title SHANGHAI, China -- Guillermo Canas defeated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-2 Saturday at the Shanghai Open and will play for his third title this season.
2	UPDATE 1-Fannie Mae says SEC starts formal accounting probe US mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission had changed the status of its investigation of the company #39;s accounting to formal from informal.
2	Macquarie Buys NTL #39;s Tower Assets for 1.27 Bln Pounds (Update1) A Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group-led consortium bought NTL Inc. #39;s antenna towers business in the UK for 1.27 billion pounds (\$2.47 billion).
1	Erickson turns down Ole Miss coaching spot 49ers officials have told FOXSports.com that 49ers head coach Dennis Erickson met with his players this morning and informed them that he was staying put, turning down the Ole Miss head coaching job.
3	Space telescope spots new supernova The latest image from NASA #39;s Hubble Space Telescope highlights a stellar blast that was first discovered by an amateur astronomer a little more than a month ago.
0	Gaza schoolgirl dies of injuries A Palestinian schoolgirl has died after being struck when Israeli troops fired at her school in Gaza on Tuesday.
1	Cricket: Warne - Leave it to umpires Shane Warne expressed concern yesterday that the new proposal on cricket #39;s  quot;chucking quot; controversy might create more confusion.
3	SpaceShipOne goes for next flight Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is to attempt a second space flight on Monday in a bid to clinch the \$10m Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 103km (64 miles) on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
3	Intel Unveils Tri-Mode Wi-Fi Chip Centrino update supports 802.11 a, b, and g wireless, and offers improved security.
0	S Asia rivals hold nuclear talks The meeting in Islamabad is part of wider efforts to improve relations between the South Asian rivals. Officials from both sides will discuss putting in place safeguards to avert a possible nuclear conflict.
2	Stocks: Shares rise on National Semiconductor profit NEW YORK US stocks were little changed Thursday, recovering earlier losses after an upbeat earnings report from the chip maker National Semiconductor sparked some buying.
3	Botswana Donates 500 Elephants to Mozambique (Reuters) Reuters - Botswana, which has the\largest elephant population in Africa, will donate 500 animals\to Mozambique, conservationists and Mozambican officials said\Friday.
3	Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google Launches Search for Scholars - Adwords to Ban Affiliates? - MSN's 'Near Me' Search Button - The Difference In Traffic for #1 and #10? - Robots.txt   Security Issues - One year anniversary of the 'Florida' Update - What is the Future of the 'Niche Directory'
2	Sumitomo Mitsui launches hostile bid of \$29.2 billion for UFJ &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, August 24 (New Ratings) - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group announced a hostile takeover bid today of \$29.2 billion (3.2 trillion) for UFJ Holdings Inc (ticker: UFJ).
3	AMD sketches out new high-end, low-end chips Consumer electronics, new chips and name calling were all on tap at Friday's AMD analyst meeting.\
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the West Bank in a move  that drew a cautious response on Tuesday from Washington.
0	UN Workers Freed in Afghanistan - Govt Officials Three foreign UN workers held in Afghanistan since Oct. 28 were freed on Tuesday, government officials said.  quot;They were released a while back this morning, quot; said a government official, who 
0	Blast rocks Nepal police post KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist guerrillas have set off a bomb at an empty police post near Kathmandu, police say, and the Nepali capital remains cut off by land for the third day due to a rebel blockade call. 
0	Kidnappers behead British hostage Iraqi kidnappers have beheaded a British man who was seized last month, his family said yesterday, ending what one relative called  #39; #39;three long weeks of agony.
0	Hundreds in Pakistan protest at funeral A funeral for 30 victims of a mosque bombing in Sialkot, Pakistan, became violent Saturday, with protesters setting fire to several government buildings.
3	Turner in Deal with Akimbo for Video-On-Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Akimbo, a provider of video on demand\services via the Internet, on Monday said Turner Broadcasting\System Inc. agreed to provide Akimbo subscribers with\programming from networks such as CNN and Cartoon Network.
3	News: North Korea has 600 computer hackers, South Korea claims The Associated Press By Soo-jeong Lee
3	News: Search News - Yahoo Partners With Adobe Adobe Systems Inc., and Yahoo! today announced a partnership aimed at providing access to Yahoo! Search through Adobe Reader and a co-branded toolbar featuring Adobe Services.
1	Sox clinch playoff berth It didnt happen at Fenway Park this year, though it was hard to believe the Red Sox werent the home team on Monday night. The 
1	Deal in 'Great Jeopardy' Mayor Anthony A. Williams says the deal to bring baseball to D.C. is in "great, great jeopardy" because of changes to the stadium agreement.
1	Spanish pair claim Masters lead Sergio Garcia and Jose Manuel Lara lead the way after the first round of the Volvo Masters at Valderrama. The Spaniards carded four-under 67s to take a one-shot lead over England #39;s Brian Davis and Scot Alastair Forsyth.
1	Iowa State ready to face foes from North Division After getting knocked around by a pair of South Division teams in its first two Big 12 football games, Iowa State welcomes a little Northern exposure this week.
3	Microsoft sets 2006 Longhorn release LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Microsoft said Friday that it plans to broadly distribute the next version of its Windows operating system -- dubbed  quot;Longhorn quot; -- in 2006, but conceded that it had to pare down a much-anticipated search feature to move ahead with 
1	Simply the best? Arsenal #39;s victory over Blackburn has set a new record of 43 league matches unbeaten, surpassing the old mark set by Nottingham Forest in 1978.
1	It is a perfect time to be with Renault: Giancarlo Fisichella After his first test last week in Barcelona, Giancarlo Fisichella sat down to share his thoughts about his progress so far, and his first impressions of the Renault team.
3	Game Boy Add-On Video Is Limiting A pair of new add-ons for Nintendo Co.'s Game Boy Advance turn the handheld into something considerably more than a gaming machine - a video phone and a video player. As long as you bear in mind that you're dealing with a toy, you might not be too bothered by the less than stellar quality.
0	US marines prepare major assault in Fallujah US marines are preparing for a major assault to whack rebels in the Iraqi cities of Fallujah and Ramadi, a senior commander said on Friday.
3	Battling Robots in Japan's Pop-Culture Tech The ring sits in the spotlight of a tense, packed auditorium and the jittery fighters await the bell at their red and blue corners. Like any fight, there's always the danger of a punishing uppercut or left hook. But these boxers have even more worries  like battery failure and software bugs.
2	Consumer Confidence Dips in September (AP) AP - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.
3	RIAA files new round of P2P lawsuits com November 18, 2004, 1:03 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
0	Leading Indicators, Jobless Claims Dip NEW YORK - A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in July for the second consecutive month, reinforcing evidence that the nation's financial recovery is slackening.    The Conference Board said Thursday its Composite Index of Leading Economic Indicators dropped by 0.3 percent in July to 116.0, following a revised decline of 0.1 percent in June...
0	Russian Who Murdered Chechen No Longer Seeks Pardon  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian colonel convicted of murdering  a Chechen woman has withdrawn his request for a pardon, sparing  President Vladimir Putin the uncomfortable choice of offending  either the volatile region or his military.
3	Microsoft upgrade knocks out 80,000 government PCs Some 80,000 computers at the Department for Work and Pensions went down during  #39;a routine software upgrade #39; of its Microsoft machines this week.
2	Big loss for Cablevision Cablevision #39;s MSG Network and Fox Sports NY will lose big ad bucks and be forced to cut the prices they charge cable and satellite companies now that the Mets have walked away to start their own channel, media insiders said yesterday.
0	Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a  ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for  easing him into power.
3	EPCglobal One Year Later Sept. 27, 2004This week EPCglobal US, the US chapter of EPCglobal, holds its second annual user conference and celebrates EPCglobals anniversary, as well as its own.
3	ABC encores  #39;Desperate Housewives #39; NEW YORK  Just when it seemed that reality television was set to take over the dial, scripted shows have come roaring back - at least for now.
1	Expos Lose Johnson, Armas to Injuries (AP) AP - Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder and was carried off the field on a stretcher Friday night.
1	Hard work ahead, warns Robbo Bryan Robson has warned his players they are in for a long-hard season - but he wants them to work with a smile on their face. That #39;s the formula new manager Robson sees as vital 
3	Microsoft Delays Automatic Win XP Updates Business users can postpone SP2 installation to complete testing its effect on other programs.
0	Djamshid says farewell and thank you to Canada on eve of long trip home (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A 10-year-old Afghan boy whose struggle for life captured the hearts of Canadians bade a fond farewell to the country that rescued him Thursday as he prepared for a long journey home to a life of abject poverty.
3	PalmOne to turn off wireless service Handheld maker says it will close down its Palm.Net wireless e-mail and Web service soon.
0	Sharon offers calm in absence of Palestinian attacks Israeli PM says his country Israel will  #39;maintain calm #39; in absence of Palestinian militants attacks. JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Israel would  quot;maintain the calm quot; in the absence of attacks 
1	Dennis Tankersley (left) and Terrence Long should play key roles &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KANSAS CITY -- Moving quickly to deepen a corner outfield spot, the Royals obtained Terrence Long from the San Diego Padres in a four-player trade Monday.
1	Steelers' Bell Out for at Least Two Weeks (AP) AP - In his fourth NFL season, Kendrell Bell is reliving his sophomore jinx. The playmaking inside linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers will miss at least the next two games with what is now being called a sports hernia.
2	Loss Deepens in Revision by Alitalia Alitalia, the troubled Italian airline, has restated its first-half results, almost doubling its previously reported loss, as it set aside money to lay off about 20 percent of its work force.
2	Oil Prices  #39;Heading for 60 Dollars A Barrel #39; Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
3	Jury slaps Sony with \$82 million verdict A jury finds that Sony's PlayStation unit infringed on two patents owned by force-feedback specialist Immersion.
0	Floods Recede in Philippines Helicopters delivered food to survivors and picked up the sick and injured on Friday as flash floods began to recede. More than 650 people were killed and nearly 400 are missing in the disaster, which was triggered by back-to-back storms.
0	Pakistan Tests Medium-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile Pakistan test-fired on Wednesday a nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile, capable of hitting targets deep inside arch-rival India.
2	Bank One Chief Economist to Step Down Bank One said Thursday that its chief economist is leaving the company, less than two months after it was purchased by JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co.
0	US: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
3	Russian spaceship glitch may delay next launch to ISS A technical glitch with a docking system of a Russian spaceship might postpone the next crew #39;s launch to the International Space Station by five to 10 days, media 
0	More than 2,000 people killed in Fallujah : Iraqi official More than 2,000 people were killed so far in the flashpoint city of Fallujah, an Iraqi senior security official said Thursday.  quot;More than 2,058 were killed and more than 1,600 
3	Greenfield halves Telfort stake (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Dutch private equity firm will sell the stake in the mobile telephone company to a Dutch investor.
1	CBC terms show from Athens a success #39; Despite a post-Perdita hangover and a 16 per cent drop in prime-time TV ratings from the last Olympics, CBC is claiming victory at the Athens Games.
1	Sirius to Air Men's NCCA Tournament (AP) AP - Sirius Satellite Radio signed a deal to air the men's NCAA basketball tournament through 2007, the latest move made in an attempt to draw customers through sports programming.
0	Suspected insurgents behead official in revenge for deaths of 85 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; : Search teams have found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern Thailand last week, police said.
3	Sony zooms in with new TV tech Electronics giant develops new television technology to attack core business from a new angle.
1	Hopkins wants piece of Roy Jones NEW YORK - One thing Bernard Hopkins knockout of Oscar De La Hoya hasnt changed for the middleweight champion: he still needs to beat Roy Jones to feel fulfilled.
3	SEC Subpoenas Target MCI Creditors Eleven members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee asked for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	Key Antarctic food source is declining, study says A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
0	Probe of No-Show Reservists Underway A platoon in Iraq is being investigated for allegedly refusing to carry out a convoy mission its members deemed too dangerous, Army officials said Friday.
3	Meteor shower coming up Monday morning SARATOGA SPRINGS -- Most people have a hard enough time getting out of bed on Monday morning, let alone before dawn in the middle of December.
3	Holes found in Windows XP update Security firms are starting to find loopholes and bugs in the SP2 security update for Windows XP.
2	Ex-CEO, Buyout Firms Eye Toys R Us  NEW YORK/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Toys R Us Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TOY.N&lt;/A&gt;  has opened its financial records to more than a dozen  prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the  retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael  Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
2	Gold Fields acceptances up  Harmony The number of acceptances received from world number four gold miner Gold Fields #39; shareholders is increasing, marketing director for world number four gold miner Harmony Ferdi Dippenaar said on Wednesday.
0	Thousands mourn elusive bandit at Indian funeral Thousands of people in the south Indian city of Chennai have turned out for the funeral of the country #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan.
2	Court rejects planned Air New Zealand-Qantas alliance New Zealand #39;s High Court on Monday rejected a proposed alliance between the country #39;s flag carrier and Australian rival airline Qantas.
0	Confusion as Yemeni Faces U.S. Military Tribunal (Reuters) Reuters - A Yemeni\accused of guarding Osama bin Laden with explosive belts seemed\to acknowledge his al Qaeda membership on Thursday before a\U.S. military tribunal hearing fraught with translation\problems.
3	Ont. puts parents on notice about new video game TORONTO -- Attention, Ontario parents: there may be a skull-cracking, car-stealing thug in your living room. Jim Watson, the province #39;s consumer and business services minister, put parents on notice Wednesday 
3	California city and counties sue Microsoft for antitrust Several California cities and counties, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, have sued Microsoft Corporation, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer 
0	Jail deaths charges recommended Twenty-eight US soldiers face possible charges over the deaths of two prisoners in Afghanistan, the Army says.
2	Jobless Claims Dip, Match Forecasts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing  first-time claims for unemployment benefits dipped to 334,000  last week, the government said on Thursday, matching  economists' forecasts.
1	Spaniards #39; racism row intensifies The Spanish football federation were facing renewed and sustained criticism last night over the racist chanting directed at England #39;s black players - Ashley Cole, Rio Ferdinand and 
1	Fernando positive for the end of the season Fernando Alonso was disappointed to spin out of yesterdays Italian Grand Prix, but remains optimistic for the coming races.
0	Syria under Security Council Scrutiny ... A Gift from Syria to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Syria has turned herself into cannon fodder in the campaigns directed against her during the American presidential election battle-a result of her miscalculations in the Lebanese presidential elections.
1	Titans #39; Calico out two-three weeks, maybe ten NASHVILLE, Tenn. Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will be out two to three weeks, and up to ten, because of a knee injury. Calico, counted on as a big-play deep threat, has torn cartilage suffered in a loss to San Diego Sunday.
2	Immigrant Sends Hope Back Home Successful businessman Here, But He Hasn't Forgotten His Native El Salvador.
0	It's time to pass torch, younger Dems say (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - A wave of young Democrats is demanding not just to be heard but to take charge.They are opining, organizing and running for party chairman.
2	Oil prices decline further, despite Caribbean hurricane NEW YORK, September 9 (New Ratings) - Oil prices declined further today, despite fears of a hurricane in the Caribbean disrupting supply from the US offshore oil and gas production in the Gulf of Mexico.
1	Bad Defense Spells Doom for Chiefs' Year (AP) AP - The Kansas City Chiefs have proved once more that no matter how high any offense might soar, all is lost when the defense can't stop anything.
1	UW Men Play in Alaska Shootout Semifinals The 22nd-ranked Washington Huskies (2-0) remain in Anchorage for the second of three consecutive games in the Great Alaska Shootout at Sullivan Arena.
1	Ex-World Champion McRae Leads Dakar Rally  LONDON (Reuters) - Ex-world champion Colin McRae took a  narrow lead in the Dakar Rally after winning a 6.2-mile special  stage on the third day outside Granada in Spain Sunday.
2	India, Pakistan gas connection New Delhi and Islamabad met Monday on a variety of issues including a proposed pipeline to transfer gas from Iran to India through Pakistan.
2	BA to offload Qantas stake BRITISH Airways today announced plans to sell its 425 million stake in Australias Qantas Airways to cut debt and take advantage of consolidation in Europe.
1	Eagles lock up CB Brown with extension The Philadelphia Eagles have taken yet another step in locking up their youngsters for the long term. FOXSports.com has learned that Philly has signed starting cornerback Sheldon Brown to a six-year, \$25 million 
0	Wrenching Tale by an Afghan Immigrant Strikes a Chord "The Kite Runner," by Khaled Hosseini, a previously unknown son of an Afghan political refugee, has captivated reading groups across the country.
1	Bears lose Grossman for season CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Rex Grossman #39;s latest stint as starting quarterback for the Chicago Bears lasted all of three games. Grossman, 24, suffered a season-ending ruptured anterior cruciate ligament in Sunday #39;s 27-22 loss at Minnesota.
2	Home Depot Raises Outlook, Tops Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, topping  estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service  drove higher average sales in every category.
0	Prince Charles embroiled in class controversy Britain #39;s Prince Charles was embroiled in a class controversy on Thursday, a day after a note expressing his candid thoughts about people who try to rise above their station in life was made public.
1	Quincy Carter Finds a Home with the Jets (Reuters) Reuters - The New York Jets\solved their backup quarterback problems by signing Quincy\Carter, who was recently released by the Dallas Cowboys. Terms\of the deal were not announced.
3	The \$100 PC: How do we get there? Steve Ballmer says the world needs a really cheap computer, but Mike Ricciuti warns that cheap doesn't come easy.
3	Firefox Ignites Demand for Alternative Browser Linux came out of nowhere to challenge Microsoft in the computer server market, and lately has begun encroaching on its hallowed desktop software business.
0	44 Apparent N. Korean Asylum Seekers Enter Canadian Embassy in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Diplomats in Beijing say at least 44 people claiming to be North Koreans have stormed the Canadian embassy in an apparent bid for asylum.
1	Colts Quarterback Sets Passing Record (AP) AP - Colts quarterback Peyton Manning set an NFL record by throwing at least four touchdown passes in a fifth straight game, getting four in the first half alone against the Lions on Thursday.
0	Reporter Smuggles Fake Bomb Into British Parliament  LONDON (Reuters) - An undercover reporter smuggled fake  bomb-making equipment into the British parliament, a day after  fox hunting protesters made a mockery of security by bursting  onto the floor of the debating chamber.
2	OPEC Weighs Output Increase Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
3	Ocean Survey Finds New Fish, Tuna Migration Routes (Reuters) Reuters - A survey of the world's oceans is\turning up more than two new species of fish a week and\revealing huge trans-ocean migration routes by creatures from\turtles to tuna, scientists say.
2	Cosmetic company #39;s Q3 loss widens as sales slip 7 NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Revlon, Inc reiterated its 2004 financial outlook as the cosmetics firm reported a wider-than-expected third quarter loss.
0	Brazil Upset in Ecuador; China Eliminated Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and China was eliminated on the fifth tiebreaker despite a 7-0 victory over visiting Hong Kong.
3	Dixons to stop selling VCRs Dixons, the UK #39;s largest electrical retailer, has today announced plans to phase out the sale of video recorders by the end of the year.
0	U.S. Servicemen React to Bush Guard Memos ALBANY, Ga. - Frank Jones says he's angry about newly revealed memos that indicate President Bush got preferential treatment in the Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, but he's not surprised by favoritism in the Guard...
3	China, 15 Other Countries Consider NASA Exploration China and 15 other countries joined NASA officials this week to consider how they might cooperate with US plans for human exploration of the moon and Mars.
0	Helicopter Crash, Bombing Add to US Death Toll BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Two US Army helicopters crashed in Baghdad on Saturday, killing two soldiers, as the military reported that four other American troops had died in car bombings elsewhere in Iraq.
1	Ouija Board surges to Filly and Mare Turf win English and Irish classic winner Ouija Board (GB) more than justified the hype surrounding her presence in the \$1-million Breeders Cup Filly and Mare Turf (G1), surging past Grade 1 winner Film Maker in the lane to capture the 1 3/8-mile contest at 
2	Sluggish Global Sales Trim Coke Profit  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  reported a sharp drop in quarterly net income due to weak sales  of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany and  other key markets.
1	Stanford dismisses coach  quot;It was an extremely difficult decision, quot; Athletic Director Ted Leland said,  quot;but I simply felt that the program was in need of new direction and leadership.
2	US consumer confidence slips in November On the same day that a report credited strong consumer spending for fuelling the US economy, a separate report found sentiment among those very consumers waned in November.
1	Coach moves on after taking USC nowhere What happened to Henry Bibby at USC is that, for the first time in his basketball life, he stayed in one place too long. Fired Monday and replaced by assistant Jim Saia for the interim, Bibby 
1	AmEx win small redemption for Els If Ernie Els is to contend for major championships and remain one of the world #39;s elite golfers, he had to put the events of this summer behind him.
0	Dreamworks trio in US wealth list Founders of Dreamworks film studio  feature on Forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in America.
1	'Style' scores in Spa feature SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Sense of Style lived up to her billing as the odds-on favorite and drew off through the stretch for a 6 3/4-length victory in the \$250,000 Spinaway Stakes at Saratoga Race Course yesterday.
0	Hungary PM Set for Victory Over Citizenship Vote  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary's new prime minister looked to  have scored a major victory on Sunday when the opposition  failed to garner enough votes to pass a referendum giving  citizenship to millions of Hungarians abroad.
3	Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I really gotta stop bleeding and dying," the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."
1	Italian team ordered to play without fans The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
1	Okocha Tests Liverpool Super Eagles captain Austin Jay-Jay Okocha will lead out his English club Bolton Wanderers this afternoon in their fourth game of the new Premiership season, against Anfield giants Liverpool.
0	Tourists freed in Peru coca siege Police in Peru storm an ancient Inca temple to free foreign 19 tourists taken hostage by coca growers.
2	Fund Founders to Settle, Pay \$160 Million NEW YORK, Nov. 17 -- Gary L. Pilgrim and Harold J. Baxter, founders of a tech-based mutual fund that blazed and then fizzled in the 1990s, agreed yesterday to pay \$160 million to settle charges that Pilgrim took advantage of trading opportunities and Baxter shared inside information at the expense of investors.
0	U.S. Military Seeks Plane With Six Aboard (AP) AP - The U.S. military said Tuesday that it was searching for three civilian crew members and three military passengers who were aboard an aircraft that went missing over Afghanistan.
0	Danielle murder accused remanded The family of drive-by shooting victim Danielle Beccan were in court to see the man accused of her murder in the dock. Mark Ontonio Kelly ,20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old as she walked home with 
3	Shenzhou VI space outfits light, removable Space outfits for China #39;s second manned space flight capsule  quot;Shenzhou VI, quot; scheduled to launch in September next year, will be lighter and removable, the Beijing Morning Post reported.
1	Liu wins hurdles gold, equals world record Liu Xiang of China took the Olympic men #39;s 110 metres hurdles gold medal in a world record-equalling time of 12.91 seconds on Friday.
0	Panama's new president sworn in Panama's new President Martin Torrijos is sworn in for a five-year term, promising to probe human rights violations.
2	Russian gas giant plans Yukos bid Gazprom, Russia's gas monopoly, says it will bid in the \$8.65bn government sale of the main production arm of embattled oil firm Yukos.
0	Taiwan Chen Plans National Day Speech on China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said he  will make an important policy statement on relations with  arch-foe China in his National Day address on Oct. 10.
0	Two Rockets Hit Downtown Baghdad Sheraton Security guards at the Palestine hotel said two rockets hit the nearby Sheraton hotel, shattering windows and filling the main lobby of the hotel with smoke and debris.
2	Fitch Ratings reports concerns about Delta #39;s Dallas dehubbing Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s plans to eliminate its hub at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and redistribute its aircraft among its other hubs cities provides the other hubs some short-term benefits, but heightens some long-term credit concerns 
3	The (mis)information age The online world has once again become a breeding ground for conspiracy theories, this time with allegations that last week's presidential election was rigged in favor of George W. Bush. Missing Links
3	Amazon, Microsoft Sue Spammers Amazon and Microsoft have filed lawsuits against companies that used their names to commit fraud on the Internet. One suit accuses Gold Disk Canada of  quot;spoofing, quot; or sending e-mails that appear 
0	South African delegates arrested Zimbabwean police arrested a delegation from the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) yesterday, prompting threats of a blockade at the main border crossing and raising tensions between the two countries #39; leaders.
1	Montana keeps tradition going despite youth No players are pictured on the front or back covers of the Montana football media guide. Displayed instead are images of the two NCAA championship trophies the Grizzlies have won 
3	Dione and Titan: Zooming Into View The map of Saturn #39;s moon Dione, generated from Cassini images taken during the spacecraft #39;s first two orbits of Saturn, illustrates in the banner image, the imaging coverage planned during Cassini #39;s first Dione flyby on Dec. 14, 2004.
0	Iran Says U.N. Nuclear Ban 'Illegal' (AP) AP - Iran said Sunday that demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment  #151; technology that can be used for nuclear weapons  #151; were "illegal."
1	Smith also had marijuana in his system DENTON, Texas -- A University of North Texas quarterback who died in a head-on collision with an 18-wheeler last month was legally drunk and had traces of marijuana in his system, an autopsy report shows.
1	Insider Racing News Archives  quot;It was something I had to do for my crew, quot; said Dale Earnhardt Jr. after winning the Checker Auto Parts 500.  quot;After I messed up so bad last week, it was important to me to pull this off.
0	Kremlin's Man Wins, Early Results in Chechnya Show  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Preliminary results gave victory to Alu  Alkhanov in Chechnya's presidential election Sunday, with the  Moscow-backed policeman winning more than 50 percent of the  vote, the region's acting president was quoted as saying.
1	Boston vs. Anaheim The plot: The Anaheim Angels seemed to capture in the final week of the season the swagger they had when they won the 2002 World Series as a wild card.
3	Nokia and Vodafone seek simpler software AMSTERDAM The mobile phone giants Vodafone and Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify cellphone software written with the Java computer language.
2	Former Qwest executive negotiating settlement with SEC A former Qwest Communications executive is negotiating a possible settlement of SEC charges against him. The Securities and Exchange Commission has accused Michael Felicissimo of fraud that led to overstated wireless revenues at Qwest.
1	Even Knicks get their 15 minutes It was the kind of defense these Knicks are not known for. The kind they often pay lip service to. The kind that leads to ugly basketball, long stretches without points and NBA victories.
3	ICANN making available new domain names The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) has given preliminary approval to two new domain names. The  quot;.
0	Russian Drug Unit Maligned Over Dubious Tactics, Priorities Formed a year ago to bring the full force of the country's law enforcement to bear against a growing drug crisis, Russia's powerful new drug-fighting agency has an army of 40,000 at its disposal, four times larger than the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.
3	More Evidence That Internet Marketing Is Hot Again In another consolidation in the hot-again business of Internet advertising, Web video specialist Viewpoint has agreed to buy Unicast Communications.
1	Artest suspended for rest of season The NBA has suspended Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest for the remainder of the season for his part in a brawl during the final minute of Friday #39;s win at Detroit.
1	Mansell Into British Grand Prix The latest personality to pile into the situation concerning the future, if any, of the British Grand Prix is former World Champion Nigel Mansell.
3	Nintendo  amp; Sony Execs Bitch  quot;That #39;s not a game machine, quot; said Yasuhiro Minagawa, head of PR for Nintendo Co., Ltd.  quot;They showed it at the Tokyo Game Show without any fundamental game software, and you can tell that it #39;s not yet complete.
0	IRA Arms Photo Row Set to Break New N.Irish Deal  BELFAST (Reuters) - A standoff over how the scrapping of  IRA arms is proved looks set to dash hopes of a landmark deal  in Northern Ireland on Wednesday, when Britain and Ireland plan  to unveil their blueprint for a lasting political settlement.
0	We Have To Talk It is hard to overstate the sense of shock across much of Europe at the popular mandate that Americans have given George W. Bush, even if the result itself was no great surprise.
1	Leading the way In the instant it took for the baseball to reach the right hand of Javier Vazquez, even someone with an outlook as rosy as Joe Torre #39;s had time to gasp and initiate worry.
2	Dollar Lifted by Slipping Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rose to a three-week high\against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price\of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and\thus benefit the dollar.
2	Weather's Fine at Dress Barn Dress Barn turns in good, not great, results and still blames the weather.
3	AMD Adds Power Management to Opteron originally offered on notebook PCs -- to its Opteron 32- and 64-bit x86 processors for server applications. The technology will help servers to run 
0	Manila's Cardinal Sin Rushed to Hospital  MANILA (Reuters) - Cardinal Jaime Sin, the powerbroker at  the heart of Philippine people power revolts, was rushed to a  Manila hospital on Monday after reportedly suffering a heart  attack, church officials and local media said.
2	Hershey Foods to buy macadamia processor HERSHEY, Pa. - Hershey Foods Corp. has agreed to acquire Manua Loa Macadamia Nut Corp. from private equity investment firm Shansby Group to strengthen its snack offerings.
1	Mariners send journeyman lefty Williams to Padres The 29-year-old Williams was 7-2 for Triple-A Tacoma and made six relief appearances with Seattle after being called up in September.
2	Out West? Get your free credit report Starting Wednesday, US residents in select states can begin claiming one free credit report per year under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act.
1	Pedro Martinez signs \$52m deal with NY Mets December 15, 2004 -- Pedro Martinez confirmed Tuesday during an interview in his home in the Dominican Republic that he has agreed to join the New York Mets.
1	UPDATE 1-Button breaks silence over Williams move Jenson Button broke his silence on Monday to spell out the reasons behind his controversial and contested decision to leave the BAR Formula One team for Williams.
2	BT to Buy Infonet in Deal Worth About \$1B BT Group PLC said Monday it is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services Corp., in a deal that values the company at \$965 million.
0	Our kids losing ground in math, science OTTAWA -- Canadian students have slipped in the rankings of an international test in reading, math and science, dropping out of the top five in math and science.
1	Growing up with Little E #39; TALLADEGA -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. begins his last week at age 29 today, and  quot;Little E quot; is laying plans for the future. The most immediate include a strategy for today #39;s EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway 
2	First US commercial flight to Vietnam since fall of Saigon takes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (AFP) - A United Airlines jumbo jet took off from San Francisco at the start of the historic first US commercial flight to Vietnam since the fall of Saigon nearly 30 years ago.
3	Sony Considers MP3 Support to Silence iPod Fans Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
0	Hostages - convoy under attack Damascus - A French lawmaker involved in negotiations to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq said on Friday that a convoy bringing the two to Syria came under US fire, scuttling their release.
2	OPEC Seeks to Quell Doubts Over Oil Cut  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Saturday said they  had already moved to enforce a deal to rein in excess supply, a  day after doubts over the group's resolve to cut sent prices  into a tailspin.  Oil prices fell 4 percent on Friday to the  lowest level since July despite the cartel's agreement to wipe  out one million barrels per day (bpd) of excess supply from  January 1.
0	Iran has nuclear talks in Europe Iranian and European officials meet in Paris in a bid to finalise a compromise on Iran's nuclear programme.
1	Croissants, Coffee and a Kickoff When the alarm goes off today for the players at Boise State and San Jose State, they'll yawn, stretch and mutter something like, "It must be noon somewhere." Think television is an innocent bystander in college sports? If so, hit the snooze button. The Broncos and Spartans will kick off their Western Athletic Conference tilt at 9:02 a.m. Pacific Time, for the benefit of ESPN2. To adjust, Boise State Coach Dan Hawkins has had the team up at 5 a.m. all week. "We're used to having to play whenever ESPN wants to cover it," Boise State's    Daryn Colledge  told the Idaho Statesman. Ah, the purity of college athletics.
3	Growth and Mortality Details of T. Rex Get Clearer T. rex was one of the largest meat-eaters ever to walk the land when it died out some 65 million years ago. At an elephant-like 6 tons, it stretched about 40 feet to 45 feet long and measured about 13 feet tall at the hip. The adult skull alone was 5 feet long, with teeth up to a foot long.
0	Hamas Gunmen Vow More Attacks on Israel JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip Oct. 2, 2004 - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants Saturday, killing at least 10 on the third bloody day of a massive Israeli incursion into the 
2	Marsh  amp; McLennan to cease collecting disputed fees A day after the resignation of its chairman and chief executive officer, Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. announced on Tuesday it would stop accepting fees that had prompted a lawsuit by New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
2	HHS Buys 'Experimental' Glaxo Flu Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. health officials on Tuesday\approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza\vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline  , bringing the\U.S. total to 65 million vaccines for this flu season.
0	Bush to Meet With Leaders of Mexico, Chile President Bush aims to dispel the perception of U.S. neglect of Latin America and burnish an American reputation damaged by the Iraq war, undertaking a second-term diplomatic offensive in the region akin to his recent courting of Europe.
3	Nokia aims handsets at the cocktail set Nokia yesterday launched three new tri-band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
1	Starcraft, Elvstroem, Paolini to meet in contentious WS Cox Plate The Moonee Valley Racing Clubs \$2,231,779 WS Cox Plate (Aus-G1) is set for its 82nd running on Saturday at Moonee Valley racecourse, and has drawn on of the strongest fields in recent years.
2	Kmart, Sears Merger Could Change Low-Cost Shopping CHICAGO -- Two companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third-largest retailer in the United States.
3	Microsoft Shares Office Source Code Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite.
1	SI.com MONTREAL (Ticker) -- Mike Piazza kept the New York Mets from hitting rock bottom in the National League East Division. Piazza had two hits, including a go-ahead single in the eighth inning, as the Mets posted a 3-2 victory over the Montreal Expos .
0	At least 13 Palestinians killed, dozens wounded in Gaza City &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Five explosions rocked a field in Gaza City used for training by anti-Israeli militants early Tuesday, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 others, hospital officials and residents said.
1	Sisler Known Again Thanks to Ichiro (AP) AP - Day and night, Dave Sisler is tracking every hit by Ichiro Suzuki. The former big league pitcher tunes in the radio each evening, his wife checks the boxscores in the morning.
1	South Africa Ends Phelps Medal Quest  ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals at the Athens  Olympics with a stunning victory in the men's 4x100 meters  freestyle final on Sunday.
0	Historic opening day for Holyrood Thousands of people are expected to turn out to celebrate the official opening of Scotland's new parliament.
0	1-Day Figures Due for 'Passion' DVD Sales LOS ANGELES - Total one-day sales figures were expected Wednesday for the DVD of Mel Gibson's biblical epic "The Passion of the Christ," which has already sold about 2.4 million copies.   "We think a lot of the consumers will be going in after work to pick it up," said Steve Feldstein, spokesman for Fox Home Entertainment, which is distributing the DVD...
0	Afghan warlords  #39;threaten poll #39; The power of Afghan armed factions means elections there will go ahead in an environment of fear and repression, US-based Human Rights Watch says.
3	Semiconductor Sales Booming in 2004 Worldwide semiconductor sales will reach US\$226 billion in 2004, a 27.4 percent increase from 2003, according to the latest prediction from Gartner.
2	Yukos, Iraq push oil higher NEW YORK -- Oil prices have moved to fresh record highs of almost \$47 a barrel on concerns about potential supply disruptions in Russia and Iraq. 
2	Wild Oats Grows Stale There's yet another disappointment from organic foods' best-known ne'er-do-well.
0	Equatorial Guinea suspends coup trial Authorities in Equatorial Guinea suspended indefinitely yesterday the trial in an alleged coup plot here, awaiting information 
2	Scots house prices avoid UK slump SCOTLAND #39;S property market is escaping the steepest UK-wide fall in house prices for nine years, it emerged today. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors #39; Housing Market Survey of Great Britain shows 
2	Black awaits Breeden verdict Fresh allegations against former Daily Telegraph tycoon Conrad Black are expected to emerge from the courtroom filing of a long-awaited investigation into his stewardship of the newspaper empire Hollinger International.
2	Treasuries Lower Despite Auction Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slipped on  Thursday as a well-received auction of inflation-protected debt  failed to quell market anxiety one day before the government  releases its national employment report for September.
1	Ratliff signs extension with Portland Portland, OR (Sports Network) - The Portland Trail Blazers signed center Theo Ratliff to a five-year contract extension on Tuesday.
1	Almost done: Johnson to Yankees, Green to Arizona, Vazquez to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the New York Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, a source told The Associated Press on Thursday night.
1	For sale signs While keeping pitcher Pedro Martinez and catcher Jason Varitek remain the primary objective for the Red Sox as they head to baseball's winter meetings for the first time as World Series champions, a flurry of free agent signings this week would appear to foreshadow an active weekend of player movement.
3	AMD unveils chip for portable video players Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) has developed a low-power chip that it thinks will make portable video players more compelling by reducing the time needed to transfer content to the devices. The company is expected to announce the chip at the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Monday.
2	United says it has landed tentative pact with pilots United Airlines on Tuesday announced it has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots. The agreement makes the pilots the first of United #39;s four big unions to come to initial terms.
1	Bulls book first back-to-back victories Kirk Hinrich and the Bulls are starting to play in a relaxed fashion, and it #39;s resulting in victories. Kirk Hinrich scored nine of his 28 points in a 15-0 run, and the Chicago Bulls beat the 
3	Space launch gets Transport Canada go-ahead SASKATOON -- Transport Canada approved yesterday an application for a suborbital space launch by a Canadian team competing in an international race to put civilians into space.
2	Soy Fungus Spreads to Tennessee  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Soybean rust was confirmed in a  Tennessee, the ninth state infected by the highly contagious  disease that has rapidly swept across the U.S. South and is  taking aim at big Midwest farming states, officials said on  Wednesday.
2	Cardinal shakeup to cut jobs, improve profit Cardinal Health Inc. will cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, as part of a three-year restructuring plan outlined Monday by the Central Ohio health-care products and services provider.
0	Stocks Fall As Oil Climbs Past \$55 Mark NEW YORK - Nervous investors sent stocks mostly lower Monday as a barrel of crude topped \$55 per barrel, yet another record. Only the Nasdaq composite index posted a meager gain...
2	Report unlikely to affect Fed policies If there is a good rule of thumb about the Federal Reserve Board, it is this: A startling economic report is not enough to sway policy.
0	Ukraine's PM Taken to Hospital After Egg Attack  KIEV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, a  leading candidate in Ukraine's presidential election, was taken  to hospital on Friday after a protester threw an egg at him in  nationalist western Ukraine, reporters said.
3	U.S. Makes Spy Images Inside U.S. In the name of homeland security, a little known branch of the Defense Department -- the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, or America's spy imagery agency -- is keeping a close eye on the United States.
0	Kerry Warns of Social Security Changes (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct, 17 -- John F. Kerry accused President Bush of having a secret, second-term plan to privatize Social Security starting in  January, telling a church audience Sunday that the idea is "a disaster for America's middle class."
0	Guantanamo Hearings To Give Only Restricted View Of Bin Laden &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GUANTANAMO BAY US NAVAL BASE, Cuba, Aug 23 (AFP) - Only a sanitised glimpse of Australian David Hicks #39; life as a Taliban fighter or what it was like for Salim Hamdan to be Osama bin Laden #39;s personal driver and bodyguard will be given when their military 
2	Treasuries Drive Higher on Oil Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday in response to rising oil prices, weak equities and  lower inflation prospects.
1	NL notables Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley was ejected in the eighth inning after he slammed a plastic bottle down in the front row of seats in the right-field corner. A fan apparently threw the bottle onto the field one play after Bradley dropped a liner with the bases loaded.
1	The Ultimate Closer Joe Grzenda ended the life of the Washington Senators as a left-handed reliever who threw the last pitch in the franchise's final game in 1971.
2	Eurotunnel to cut workforce LONDON: Subsea rail operator Eurotunnel unveiled yesterday a  quot;Project Dare quot; plan to cut jobs and services as it tries to dig its way out of a mountain of debt in the face of falling revenues and market share.
0	Arab world mourns a defender of right HERO or villain, statesman or terrorist - Yasser Arafat proved as divisive in death as he was in life. Leaders around the world yesterday saluted his devotion to the Palestinian cause, but George Bush said 
3	Another Patch Job from Microsoft SEATTLE -- Microsoft released a patch for its latest  quot;critical quot; rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programs, the company said Tuesday.
3	Digital Gear: Entertaining Gadgets Slick CDs and portable DVD support, plus digicam choices and new security options.
2	Monsanto unveils VISTIVE soybeans A new, conventionally bred low-linolenic soybean that will reduce or eliminate trans fatty acids in processed soybean oil is ready to roll, Monsanto announced at a press conference this morning at the Farm Progress Show in Alleman, Iowa.
1	Phils Nip Marlins 9-8 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Jimmy Rollins' two-out homer in the 10th inning gave the Philadelphia Phillies a 9-8 victory over Florida on Thursday night and move the World Series champion Marlins within a game of elimination from the postseason.
2	Bell Canada sells stake in MTS MONTREAL (CP) - BCE Inc. is selling most of its minority stake in MTS for a total of \$578 million, with MTS buying back more than half of the shares and the rest sold on the open market, BCE announced Wednesday.
2	OK, here's the 411 So long, Eryca. Here comes Darby. New Englanders who call Verizon Communications Inc.'s 411 directory assistance will start to hear a different voice over the next week, as the phone giant upgrades to a system that will handle more calls with automatic speech-recognition software instead using a human operator.
3	Siemens releases patch for series 65 phones DSSELDORF, GERMANY - Siemens AG has received the green light from operators to offer a patch for a software defect in some of its 65 series mobile phones that could cause hearing damage, the Munich-based manufacturer said Tuesday in a statement.
3	PluggedIn: Multifunction Devices Draw Back-To-School Crowd  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The consumer electronics gizmo  that offers many functions in a small package is what's  compelling back-to-school shoppers to open their wallets.
2	BellSouth:  #36;3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs (Reuters) Reuters - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N) said on\Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a  #36;3.3 billion\increase in its estimates of future retiree medical costs,\reducing fourth-quarter earnings by 3 cents to 4 cents a share.
1	At these Games, the big sports powers see less gold For Americans, it #39;s just as well that the Olympics came to a conclusion Sunday. Over the weekend, the ends of America #39;s almost 
0	Rule Change in Oregon May Alter the Landscape Under the measure, property owners who can prove that environmental or zoning rules have hurt their investments can force the government to compensate them.
0	Pakistan reporters reach Srinagar A team of Pakistani journalists on a landmark visit to Indian-administered Kashmir arrive in Srinagar.
2	Bush extends tax break law President Bush used a Monday trip to Des Moines to sign into law an extension of tax benefits that he said will ensure 94 million Americans continue paying lower tax bills next year.
1	Cavaliers 106, Bobcats 89 LeBron James helped break the game open late in the second quarter by driving baseline for a windmill dunk, one of three crowd-pleasers among James #39; 19 points in Cleveland #39;s 106-89 victory Thursday night over Charlotte.
0	8 Dead, 54 Injured in French Auto Pileup At least eight people have been killed and at least 54 others injured in a road accident in southwestern France. Authorities say a Spanish bus, a minivan, and at least two cars were involved in the pre-dawn 
2	Yen Holds Gains as Oil Remains Below  #36;50 (Reuters) Reuters - The yen steadied on Thursday after\bouncing back from recent lows against the dollar and the euro\as oil prices stepped down from this week's record highs, while\investors awaited key economic data from Japan.
0	Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying\it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its\control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.
0	Bush Defends Presidency Against Kerry (AP) AP - On the defensive over job losses and health care woes, President Bush sought Wednesday night to make the campaign a referendum on his rival  #151; casting Democratic Sen. John Kerry as out of the mainstream, a liberal whose rhetoric doesn't match his record.
2	Developing countries invest abroad Developing countries are starting to flex their financial muscles and invest overseas.
3	Hollywood studios to sue computer users for online films piracy Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), formed by major Hollywood movie studios, said Thursday it seeks to sue computer users suspected of illegally distributing movies over the Internet.
0	Britain planning to ban smoking in most public places (AFP) AFP - Britain is to ban smoking in most public places, according to reports ahead of the launch of an ambitious goverment effort to legislate its way to better public health.
1	Holmes relaxes and gives rivals a chance Kelly Holmes arrived here yesterday insisting she felt no pressure before her first appearance on the track since winning her two Olympic gold medals.
0	Blair denies he led Britain to war with false justification Prime Minister Tony Blair on Wednesday denied leading Britain into war on a false prospectus, despite intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq being wrong.
1	US beats Brazil for Olympic gold in womens football ATHENS, Greece -- American superstar Mia Hamm was given the perfect sendoff as the United States rode their luck to beat Brazil in extra-time and win the Olympic women #39;s football gold medal for the second time in eight years.
0	Several Killed in Baghdad Mosque Raid Description: US and Iraqi government troops raid one of Baghdad #39;s main Sunni Muslim mosques, killing several Iraqis. The Iraqi government has ordered the arrest of Muslim clerics accused of inciting violence and supporting the Iraqi insurgency.
0	Man hacks 8 kids to death Beijing - Police were on Friday hunting for a man who broke into a high school dormitory in central China and hacked eight pupils to death in the bloodiest of a series of knife attacks at Chinese schools in recent months.
1	It's All in the Name The family of the late Mickey Mantle is angry about a decision to temporarily rename the Yankees slugger's eponymous restaurant.
0	Earthquake in Japan kills 18 Strong aftershocks are still shaking northern Japan after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people.
3	Sony Cautious on Profit Growth in Home Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp. does not expect a\sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics\business during the crucial October to December quarter, citing\high costs to develop flat-panel televisions and a shrinking\market for home audio goods.
2	Oil Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq Sabotage (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices held firm on Friday\after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears\that have revived a powerful price rally.
1	Place your bets for the party of the year and as many as 15,000 tipped to head to Adelaide #39;s biggest Melbourne Cup party at Morphettville Racecourse -ere praying for the rain to stay away.
1	Cycling: Even after firing Hamilton, Phonak #39;s  #39;attitude #39; derails &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS Despite its revelation that it has fired Tyler Hamilton, its leader and the winner of a disputed gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, the Phonak team lost its appeal to be included in bicycle racing #39;s reorganized structure, officials announced 
0	B.C. resident facing charges after bull elk killed in Jasper National Park (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - JASPER, Alta. (CP) - A man from British Columbia is facing charges after a large bull elk was illegally shot and killed in Jasper National Park.
1	Bryant's Request to Seal Evidence Opposed (AP) AP - The prosecutor who brought rape charges against Kobe Bryant has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.
0	Device found on Australian plane Australian police are investigating an incendiary device discovered on board an airliner at Sydney airport. A baggage handler found the device on Monday in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue Boeing 737 that was 
3	Tougher Cyber-Security Measures Urged A group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the Bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation #39;s computer and Internet infrastructure, and it proposed 
2	Microsoft Fears Changing Windows  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will suffer serious  harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without  Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a  European Union court on Friday.
2	Stocks End Flat; Internet Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended little changed  on  Tuesday as Internet companies like eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; supported  technology shares, while higher oil prices and worry about fuel  costs kept a lid on overall sentiment.
3	Experts Knock E-Vote Data Delay Researchers trying to determine how the online format might increase election participation and help disenfranchised voters say the DNC and other election officials are stingy with the data after a Michigan trial.
1	Magic send Shaq message, 109-103 When the NBA preseason mercifully came to a conclusion Wednesday night for the Orlando Magic, fiery point guard Steve Francis had a pointed message for the rival Miami Heat: The Magic 
1	Butt boosts Test chance with ton SYDNEY: Salman Butt enhanced his claims for a recall to the Pakistan Test side with an unbeaten century in his team #39;s first official tour match in Australia yesterday.
1	Navy went to the EV1.net Houston Bowl last year SAN FRANCISCO -- For only the second time in school history, Navy is going to a bowl in back-to-back seasons. Naval Academy athletic director Chet Gladchuk announced Monday that the team has accepted an invitation 
3	Computers as Authors? Literary Luddites Unite! A computer program known as Brutus.1 is generating brief outbursts of fiction that are probably superior to what many humans could turn out.
3	Interceptor System Set, But Doubts Remain What the Bush administration had hoped would be a triumphant achievement is clouded by doubts, even within the Pentagon, about whether a missile defense system that is on its way to costing more than \$100 billion will work.
3	Spammer gets nine years in slammer A MAN convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia, US authorities say.
1	Birdstone Shows Belmont Was No Fluke Birdstone won the Travers Stakes on Saturday and solidified his credentials as the top 3-year-old in training.
1	St. Louis Cardinals News With the National League #39;s best record sewn up, the Cardinals would just as soon start the playoffs immediately. Yesterday, if possible.
1	Carolina Defensive Line Reeling After Loss (AP) AP - Their pride has clearly been wounded. For a defensive line that makes its mission stopping the run, Ahman Green's 119 rushing yards definitely stung the Carolina Panthers.
3	Software tracks status of batch processes BMC Software announced Tuesday the release of BMC Batch Impact Manager, a system that allows customers to manage batch processes according to their business importance.
0	French state railways back in black in first half of 2004 (AFP) AFP - The French state-owned railway system was back in the black in the first half of 2004, posting a parent net profit of 43 million euros (52.4 million dollars) after losing 243 million euros in the first half of 2003, La Tribune economic news daily reported.
3	DoCoMo to launch 5 new 3G FOMA cell phone models TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo Inc said Wednesday it has developed five new models for the 901i series of 3G FOMA cell phone handsets, featuring an enhanced audio system, and will market one model, the SH901iC, nationwide Nov 26 with other models to follow.
3	IBM chip chief now managing intellectual property High rate of patents, open-source age increase importance of intellectual property issues.
1	Robson sacked by Newcastle NEWCASTLE, England: Bobby Robson #39;s five-year reign as Newcastle United manager ended yesterday when he paid the price for his side #39;s poor start to the season and growing dressing room unrest.
1	Chinese lead pairs; Bulgarians lead ice dance Former world champions Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China won won the short program at Skate Canada with 66.48 points Thursday night.
0	Venezuela Audit Results Support Vote Count (AP) AP - The results of an audit support the official vote count showing that President Hugo Chavez won this month's recall referendum in Venezuela, the head of the Organization of American States said Saturday.
2	Quintain plans casino at Wembley QUINTAIN Estates and Development is planning a 320m casino and leisure complex near the new Wembley Stadium. The developer would split the cost with Las Vegas casino owner, Caesars Entertainment in a joint 
2	Mercedes: Years to Regain Peak Profit DaimlerChrysler #39;s flagship Mercedes Car Group intends to regain peak profit levels within the next few years after operating profit dips in 2004, division had Juergen Hubbert said on Thursday.
0	CHINA WATCH: HK Democrats Nearing Path To Beijing Talks HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Pro-democracy parties look set to increase their seats in Hong Kong #39;s Legislative Council elections next month, a result that could finally pave the way for a direct dialogue with Beijing.
2	Coca-Cola Revises Financial Targets ATLANTA - Coca-Cola Co. will damp growth prospects for next year and outline plans to increase  quot;marketing and innovation expenses quot; by as much as \$400 million on an annual basis when management speaks to analysts and investors later Thursday.
2	UK firms losing out in Europe, says Brown The chancellor, Gordon Brown, today urged the European commission to clamp down on EU states that bend the rules on the allocation of government contracts.
1	Donohoe quits after marijuana arrest UAB defensive line coach Pat Donohoe resigned Monday but declared his innocence on a marijuana possession charge. Donohoe, 51, submitted his letter of resignation to UAB head coach Watson Brown.
0	Gaston's Rain Sparks Emergency in Virginia RICHMOND, Va. - A state of emergency was declared as Tropical Storm Gaston poured nearly a foot of rain on central Virginia, flooding streets with several feet of rushing water that floated cars and trucks and smashed them into buildings...
0	Prince's views on education rebuked LONDON -- Prince Charles' tirade against people who aspire to lofty goals beyond their natural talent earned him a rare public rebuke from a senior government minister yesterday -- and gasps of disbelief from the British media.
3	Nokia 9500 Communicator receives Wi-Fi certification The Nokia 9500 Communicator has been granted the IEEE 802-11b and WPA (Wireless Protected Access) certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
3	Hacker Hits California University Computer &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A computer hacker accessed names\and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians\after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley,\computer system in perhaps the worst attack of its kind ever\suffered by the school, officials said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;
0	Rwanda vows to defend against rebels based in Congo Rwanda will defend its people if armed extremists based in the neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) cross the border into the country to carry out similar attacks 
1	Federer's 'Beautiful Tennis' Sets the Standard  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Open champion Roger Federer  breezed into New York's Hard Rock cafe Monday clutching his  latest piece of silverware.
1	Defense was up for challenge CLEVELAND -- The Patriots' defense wasn't tested much while the outcome was in doubt during a 42-15 victory over the Cleveland Browns yesterday. The Patriots allowed one first down and picked off a Luke McCown pass in taking a 14-0 lead in the first quarter.
3	Gateway expands PC configuration options (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company #39;s Web site and call centers.
0	ADB grants 200 million dollars for Philippines health sector (AFP) AFP - The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said it has approved two loans totalling 213 million dollars to improve the health sector in the Philippines.
1	UEFA CHAMPIONS LEAGUE MONTE CARLO, November 23 (Champions League) - A controversial Javier Saviola goal left Liverpool #39;s hopes of a place in the Champions League second round hanging by a thread as Monaco claimed all three points in the Principality.
2	Update 2: French Gov #39;t May Link EADS With Thales The French government plans to merge Airbus parent EADS with defense company Thales to create a new European giant to rival Boeing Co.
0	Annan Tells Powell U.N. Will Aid Iraq Vote (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, fending off Republican demands for his resignation over alleged corruption, said Thursday he will expand U.N. support for Iraqi elections if need be. He said he was not offended that President Bush did not ask to see him during this visit to Washington.
3	762 song swappers sued A recording-industry trade group says it has filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
2	SAP results bolster Oracle #39;s case for buying PeopleSoft Investors following Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover battle with PeopleSoft Inc. got plenty of information to digest this week, including bold predictions 
2	Tiffany Earnings Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co.  on\Thursday said quarterly profit fell 26 percent, hurt by\lackluster sales in Japan and higher costs for precious metals\and diamonds.
3	Briefly: HP partners with 3G gear maker roundup Plus: AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips...ABC.com to air on Real's SuperPass...Lenovo revenue grows, but problems persist.
2	The Chocolate-Coffee Conundrum If coffee chains used better chocolate, Lawrence Meyers argues, they'd sell more coffee.
0	Blair lobbies Bush on global warming Tony Blair has been lobbying for George Bush #39;s support for a new international treaty on global warming. On Thursday The Times claimed that Downing Street had confirmed the prime minister had held  quot;lengthy 
1	Players union seeks revenue NEW YORK - The NFL players union wants major additions to the revenue pool used to determine player salaries, making negotiations to extend the current contract more difficult than in the past.
1	Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.
3	Big Demand for Digital Music Players An anonymous reader writes  quot;Market research company IDC is predicting a rosy future for MP3 player sales. They predict that by 2008 it will grow into a \$58 billion industry - four times bigger than the US record industry.
2	Cingular Closes \$41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed  its \$41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, creating the biggest U.S. mobile service with more  than 46 million customers.
0	April trial date set for Australian accused of murdering British tourist (AFP) AFP - An Australian mechanic will stand trial  next April over the outback murder three years ago of British tourist Peter Falconio, court officials said.
0	Japan rocked by two powerful earthquakes TOKYO - A pair of powerful earthquakes struck western Japan today, rattling several major cities and triggering tsunami waves. There are reports at least four people are injured, but no damage reports yet.
2	DreamWorks Shifts  #39;Shrek 3 #39; To May 2007 DreamWorks has pushed back the release date of Shrek 3 from a November 2006 release to May 2007. The date shift comes after a similar move by Walt Disney/Pixar Animation to push the date of Cars from a November 2005 release to May 2006.
3	Time Is Now for Linux Vendors to Protect Users (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: It's time for other Linux vendors to follow Red Hat's lead and offer patent infringement protection to their customers.
1	Birdstone Proves Worth Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone established himself as the nation's leader among 3-year-olds Saturday with a victory in the Travers Stakes.
0	Cambodian Senate OKs WTO Entry (AP) AP - Cambodia moved closer to joining the World Trade Organization on Monday when its Senate approved its entry, a move the government hopes will help protect its billion-dollar garment industry.
3	Iraq Mobile Network Brings Benefits and Bombs  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis hail their mobile phone network  as one of the few achievements in the country's reconstruction,  but the technology is also being used to detonate bombs that  cause daily death and destruction.
1	After Schumacher, Who #39;s No. 2 in Formula One? The Formula One season ends at the Brazilian Grand Prix at So Paulo today, and there is still no doubt who is the best driver in the world.
0	UN begins Sudan security mission A UN envoy has arrived for a close look at the government #39;s efforts to improve security and rein in Arab militia accused of months of atrocities in Darfur, preparing an assessment that could determine whether Sudan will be slapped 
2	Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards?  Q: Is it acceptable to list an MBA degree on business cards? I received a master's in business 10 years ago, and at that time it was never done. Now I see MBAs popping up everywhere, right next to MD, JD, CPA, CFA, and other professional designations. S.S., Reading
3	NEC develops multicore cell phone processor Demo shows the chip running a Java applet, a browser and displaying some video at the same time.
0	Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday after top peace overseer Paddy Ashdown fired nine officials to punish Bosnia #39;s Serb 
3	Mac Games: (Not) Big in Japan Mac gaming in Japan is in a slump: There are no Mac games. But a very unlikely savior has just stepped in to rescue gaming on the Mac. Nobuyuki Hayashi reports from Tokyo.
2	Courts and Torts: Vetting Compensation Even the The Incredibles would have a hard time rescuing the Walt Disney Co. #39;s compensation committee from their current predicament.
0	Economic Reforms Highlighted as Egypt #39;s Ruling Party Conference &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On the third and final day of the ruling National Democratic Party conference in Cairo, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak emphasized economic liberalization and several dramatic new economic reforms, but didn #39;t address the demands of opposition groups.
1	Edmilson The Latest Barca Casualty New Barcelona defender Edmilson is set to go under the knife after injuring himself against Numancia on Sunday. The Brazilian hurt his knee during the 1-0 win, after falling badly following an aerial challenge.
3	Trojan pretends to do good Symantec warns Net users of Trojan horse that removes adware but alters security settings in computers.
3	Cave Linked to John the Baptist Found in Israel (Reuters) Reuters - A British archeologist has dug up\evidence linking John the Baptist to a cave used for bathing\rituals in hills near Jerusalem in what he said could be one of\the biggest recent finds for Christian history.
0	Typhoon Aere Lashes Taiwan #39;s Capital TAIPEI, Taiwan Aug. 24, 2004 - Typhoon Aere lashed northern Taiwan on Tuesday, closing schools, grounding flights to northeast Asia and dumping rain that threatened to cause deadly flash floods and landslides.
2	Wal-Mart Keeps Sales View (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on Monday\said it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in\September sales at its U.S. stores open at least a year, and\back-to-school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
3	Briefly: House takes on piracy, 'video voyeurism' roundup Plus: Verizon sets up Iobi Home...Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed.
0	Lead, arsenic in imported herbal remedies - U.S. study (Reuters) Reuters - More than a dozen "Ayurvedic" herbal remedies imported from India and Pakistan were found to contain harmful levels of the heavy metals mercury, lead and arsenic, U.S. researchers said on Tuesday.
3	Option Says New Mobile Data Card to Launch in Nov. (Reuters) Reuters - Belgium's Option  said on\Wednesday it would launch a new wireless data card targeted at\the U.S. market in November.
3	Disney Relaunches Muppets on Web Site (AP) AP - Kermit, Miss Piggy, Gonzo and their pals are starring in their own Web site  #151; the first in a series of new creative efforts launched by The Walt Disney Co. since buying the Muppets in April.
2	Murdoch: Bolsters Defense Against News Corp. Takeover Take two and don #39;t call me in the morning: Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. (nyse: NWS.WI - news - people ) prescribed a  quot;poison pill quot; defense strategy today to stave off a potential takeover from long-time ally John Malone.
0	Chirac arrives in Libya for first ever visit by French head of state (AFP) AFP - President Jacques Chirac arrived in Libya in the first ever visit by a French head of state, confirming maverick leader Moamer Kadhafi's gradual return to international respectability.
1	Report: Williams Considers Possible Return To Miami Miami, FL -- Ricky Williams, who shocked the football world when he announced his retirement at the age of 27, has made inklings to Miami Dolphins head coach Dave Wannstedt about returning to the club.
2	Partner rejects Chiofaro's plan International Place developer Donald J. Chiofaro's ownership partner said in federal bankruptcy court yesterday that it would never agree to the reorganization plan that Chiofaro has proposed to stave off a takeover of the towers by Tishman Speyer Properties of New York.
0	Chirac on final day of UK visit The French president Jacques Chirac lays a wreath at the tomb of Edward VII on the final day of his visit to Britain.
2	July Home Sales Dip, but Still 3rd Highest A trade group reports sales of existing homes dipped 2.9 percent in July. But the National Association of Realtors says it was still the third-highest level on record.
0	Chavez's Victory Garners Int'l Approval (AP) AP - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez won international approval from supporters and detractors alike Monday on his decisive referendum victory over opponents trying to oust him.
3	HP, Microsoft Take Tech on the Road NEW YORKHewlett-Packard Co. and Microsoft Corp. are taking to the road with a new initiative to bring technology to small and midsize businesses in remote parts of the country.
0	Powell calls on Israel to enable Palestinian elections FM Shalom, who met US secretary in Washington, said Israel would do all that it can to enable elections, as long as it would not harm our security.
1	New Mexico Coach Gets 2009 Extension ALBUQUERQUE, NM Nov 16, 2004 - New Mexico signed coach Rocky Long a contract extension through 2009 on Tuesday. While details of the new contract are still being worked out, Long is getting a pay raise of 
0	Mexican Inmates on Death Row Win Review The Supreme Court agreed Friday to decide whether the federal courts must give a hearing to a Mexican inmate on Texas's death row who says the state violated international law by trying him on murder charges without first notifying Mexican diplomats who might have helped him.
1	Woodbridge blasts tennis  #39;cancer #39; Veteran Davis Cup player Todd Woodbridge says the introduction of synthetic grass courts has been a  quot;cancer quot; on Australian tennis.
3	The Genesis Payload: Just How Dangerous are its Contents? When NASAs Genesis solar-wind sample return capsule skyrockets from space next week and drops into the Utah Test and Training Range, that landmark in civilian space draws upon a once classified satellite snooping program.
3	Philips and Cirrus cut forecasts as chip gloom deepens Clouds continued to gather over the chip sector last week after Philips confirmed a bleaker outlook for sales, and analog and DSP chip vendor Cirrus Logic Inc sharply downgraded its forecast for the current quarter because customers want to reduce 
3	In the Age of the Wireless Phone, a Louisiana Town Awaits the Real Thing It's no secret what the 15 householders in Mink, La., want for Christmas: the same thing they have always wanted year round - telephones.
2	BT in \$965m US network buy BT Group will buy California-based Infonet Services Corp for \$965 million in cash to expand in the United States and Asia, the UK #39;s dominant fixed-line company said on Monday.
2	Nikkei Up 1.61, Buying in Futures Noted  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 1.61 percent  by midsession on Friday on a wave of short-covering after some  players bet the country's economic slowdown wouldn't last long  and bought stock futures while selling bond futures.
1	Cheetham Leads Dunhill by a Stroke (AP) AP - England's Nick Cheetham had the only bogey-free round Saturday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that gave him a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Championship.
0	Chirac criticises interference in Iraq hostages release &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS - French President Jacques Chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq as interference and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said Saturday.
2	Moody #39;s upgrades JC Penney #39;s debt ratings Moody #39;s Investors Service on Friday upgraded JC Penney Co. Inc. #39;s (JCP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) debt ratings to just one step below investment-grade status, citing factors 
1	Celtics 90 Trail Blazers 88 Pierce returned after taking a hit in the mouth during the final minute. He played with a mouth guard following seven hours of dental surgery after being hit with an elbow during Saturday #39;s win at New York.
0	Australia Risks Asian Ire with Long-Range Missiles (Reuters) Reuters - Australia plans to create what it\believes will be the most lethal force of fighter jets in\Southeast Asia by equipping its aircraft with long-range\missiles in a move critics said could antagonize neighbors.
2	Dollar moves slightly after manufacturing data NEW YORK : The dollar moved slightly against major currencies after key US ISM data on manufacturing was in line with expectations, as the market remained cautious on the prospects for the US economy.
3	Eight former Peregrine Systems execs indicted Eight former officials of Peregrine Systems Inc. have been indicted by a federal grand jury for what prosecutors say was a massive conspiracy to commit a multibillion-dollar securities fraud over three years.
2	Oil Hits \$53 on Winter Worries, Nigeria Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for U.S. crude Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
2	Cable and Wireless plan major restructuring London - Cable and Wireless, the struggling British telecoms group, said Wednesday it would cut 600 jobs across Europe, part company with a top executive and shut its London headquarters.
0	Senate Panel OKs Bill to Expand DNA Tests (AP) AP - The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday passed a five-year,  #36;1 billion bill that would provide greater access to DNA testing in rape cases and for convicted felons who claim innocence.
2	Oil Ends Week Higher But Stays Under \$50  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices closed higher on Friday,  clawing back some of its heavy losses from earlier in the week,  helped partly by news of strong employment data from  Washington, but ended the week still under \$50 a barrel.
0	Netanyahu lifts threat to resign Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu lifts his threat to resign over the Gaza withdrawal plan.
3	Mount St. Helens Spews More Steam and Ash (Reuters) Reuters - Mount St. Helens spewed more steam and\ash on Monday, raising concerns about a larger eruption at the\Washington state volcano that woke last week after 18 years of\slumber.
2	Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Lower at Late Morning Tokyo stocks plunged Tuesday morning on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average was down 121.
3	Conn. Man Charged with Selling Secret Windows Code  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Connecticut man was arrested on  Tuesday on charges that he illegally sold a secret source code  used for Microsoft Corp.'s Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000  programs, federal prosecutors said.
1	Somebodys Going Home 1-4 The Green Bay Packers and Tennessee Titans will try to keep from falling to 1-4 Monday night. But after the nationally televised game in Green Bay, Wisconsin, one of them will be.
1	Italy remains calm after loss to Slovenia Italy was upset, although not altogether distraught, after its first loss in World Cup qualifying. Slovenia beat the Azzurri 1-0 in Celje on substitute Bostjan Cesar #39;s 82nd-minute header.
0	GIs Occupy Fallujah but Fighting Continues (AP) AP - U.S. military officials said Saturday that American troops had now "occupied" the entire city of Fallujah and there were no more major concentrations of insurgents still fighting after nearly a week of intense urban combat.
2	Microsoft settles two big fights Microsoft agreed yesterday to pay more than \$500 million to settle a potential antitrust lawsuit by rival software maker Novell but will likely have to fight another part of Novell #39;s claim in court.
0	Tendulkar return adds extra spice to third test (Reuters) Reuters - The test series between India and Australia, fierce rivals in recent years, did not need a shot in the arm.
0	EP Socialist Group hails Barroso #39;s revamping efforts President of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament (EP) Martin Schulz on Thursday hailed the efforts by incoming President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso in revamping his team for approval.
2	Advice on paying off debt and playing with oil prices Q: I need some advice on paying off debt. I am a 52-year-old engineer who was laid off last fall. I have been unable to find another engineering position.
0	Mortar Barrage Kills 27 in Kufa Mosque KUFA, Iraq - A mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to march on the embattled city of Najaf, killing 27 people and wounding 63 Thursday, while the nation's top Shiite cleric arrived at the gates of the holy city in a massive convoy hoping to end three weeks of fighting.  ..
3	British police arrest  #39;Cisco kid #39; INSPECTOR Hacker of the Yard has fingered the collar of a UK man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems in May. Cyber plods from the Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit swooped on houses 
1	Fitful Mauresmo Through to Linz Semifinals Top seed Amelie Mauresmo reached the semifinals of the Linz Open when she continued her run of success against Ai Sugiyama by beating the defending champion 6-2, 6-4 Friday.
0	Claim Bush Kill Plot Thwarted (CBS/AP) The largest guerrilla group in Colombia ordered an assassination attempt on President Bush during his visit to the country last week, a senior official said.
1	Golfing Roundup: Singh ends Tiger #39;s run of 5 in row Vijay Singh won the PGA Tour player of the year award yesterday for the first time, ending Tiger Woods #39; five-year hold on the honor with a season that left no debate about who was No.
0	Sharon sets date for Gaza pull-out debate Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has said he will put his Gaza settlement withdrawal plan before parliament at the end of the month.
1	Twins would be better off with best-of-one If every postseason game were an opener, the Metrodome would be filled with World Series banners. Eight times in a row, Minnesota has won the first game of a playoff.
0	Give E. J #39;lem Arabs the vote The Palestinian public and its leadership in the territories are united in their intention to hold elections for the leadership of the Palestinian Authority in two months #39; time.
0	Hoon Faces MPs over Iraq Troop Deployment By Andrew Woodcock and James Lyons, Political Correspondents, PA News. Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon is expected to tell MPs today that no decision has yet been made on whether to deploy British troops in the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
0	Iraq government resumes Falluja talks Iraq #39;s interim government has resumed talks to pacify the western town of Falluja and avert a military assault on the rebel stronghold that has faced heavy US bombardment in recent days.
3	NASA: Station #39;s Oxygen Generator Fails CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
0	Tehran seeking role in Mid-East Iranian President Mohammad Khatami has warned that peace cannot come to the Middle East without the help of Iran. Mr Khatami was responding to questions from reporters about American policies in the region.
0	Italian Officials Dispute Reports of Ransom Italy's government dismissed reports Wednesday that it paid \$1 million to free two Italian aid workers who were kidnapped in Iraq and held for three weeks before being released Tuesday.
2	Best Buy: Best Sales Yet to Come  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Best Buy Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  nation's top electronics retail chain, posted a 21 percent rise  in quarterly profit on Wednesday, slightly above expectations,  and said the holiday shopping season was even more competitive  than last year.
3	PCCW cautious in UK broadband wireless rollout Will launch a fixed wireless service in a 'major city' next year
1	Kim Leads Longs Drugs Challenge by One (AP) AP - Christina Kim shot a 7-under 64 Thursday and held a one-stroke lead over Rachel Teske after the first round of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
1	Mets Decline Al Leiter's  #36;10.2M Option (AP) AP - Al Leiter became a free agent Monday when the New York Mets declined his  #36;10.2 million option and decided to pay a  #36;2.1 million buyout.
3	Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; filed seven  lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for  transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually  explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on  Thursday.
0	Election reflects Latin America tilt left Uruguay tapped Tabare Vazquez as its first socialist president in Sunday #39;s election, joining a growing group of South American countries embracing leftist governments.
2	Radio Companies to Merge Classic FM owner GWR and Capital Radio are to merge in a deal creating a company with a 36 share of the UK commercial radio audience.
3	Viewing The Customer With Spite It makes no sense, but when a huge, faceless corporation rejects you, it still hurts.
0	Germany arrests suspected Al-Qaida financier German authorities have arrested a businessman wanted by Spain on charges he helped fund the Al-Qaida terrorist network for years.
1	American League Playoff Game Summary - Minnesota at New York Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Johan Santana threw seven shutout innings and Jacque Jones homered to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 victory over New York in the opener of a best-of-five American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.
0	21 die in Baghdad violence At least 21 people were killed and 150 injured yesterday as two suicide car bombers wrought havoc in Baghdad and US forces pounded suspected insurgents in the east of the capital.
3	Oprah #39;s Car Giveaway, Majorly Boosted Site Traffic comScore Networks today released a late-breaking analysis of Web visitation related to Oprahs heavily publicized giveaway of 276 Pontiac G6 automobiles to audience members on September 13.
2	Poll: Money Managers Bullish on Stocks More than 56 percent of US money managers are  quot;bullish quot; or  quot;very bullish quot; about the US stock market near term, forecasting stocks will move higher in the next eight months, according to a new Barron #39;s poll.
3	Claranet signs latest ISP deal In the latest of a flurry of deals among net providers, Claranet buys the UK wing of US business Via.Net Works.
2	Defense Bill Would Nullify \$23B Boeing Deal Boeing would lose last year's deal to lease and sell aircraft refueling tankers to the Air Force, while a plan to close some bases would go forward under a nearly \$450 billion defense bill moving toward approval in the House.
0	Manmohan nostalgic about the world of academia: India News: Srinagar, Nov 17 : It was an expression anyone who knows Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s background would understand!
0	Two killed in pre-election unrest in Afghanistan Two people have been killed in clashes between troops and stone-throwing protesters angered by President Hamid Karzai effectively axing a regional governor.
2	Hurricane Damage to Hurt Allstate Profit Allstate Corp. (ALL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
2	DaimlerChrysler Sued Over Car Seat Injury  DETROIT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCX.N&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  has been hit with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit filed by a  paraplegic who says the automaker's heated car seats caused him  a severe burn injury.
3	Nasa to resume shuttle missions The US space agency says it hopes shuttle flights, suspended since the Columbia disaster, can begin next May.
0	Large, N.B. paper mill closes doors, putting at least 400 people out of work (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - The New Brunswick government says there was nothing it could do to prevent the abrupt closure of a major pulp mill in the province, short of buying the cash-strapped operation.
1	Sooners don't sweat NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 257 yards and two touchdowns, Antonio Perkins tied an NCAA record with his eighth career punt return for a score, and No. 2 Oklahoma cruised to a 63-13 victory over Houston last night. Following a 3-yard touchdown run by Jackie Battle for Houston (0-2) on its opening drive, the Sooners scored touchdowns on ...
1	Ravens Slug Cowboys Kyle Boller throws two touchdown passes in the third quarter to lead the Ravens past the sliding Cowboys, 30-10, on Sunday.
2	Baker: Callaway CEO Adds Two New Executive Feathers To Cap Wearing many tam-o #39;-shanters. Callaway Golf (nyse: ELY - news - people ) executive William C. Baker will take the mantles of president and chief operating officer from Patrice Hutin, the company announced Monday.
1	Messina held by Palermo Heavy rain made for difficult playing conditions and it was not until the latter stages that the teams went close to breaking the deadlock but on both occasions they struck the woodwork.
0	Top U.S. drug-addiction research warns against decriminalizing marijuana (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A top American clinical researcher in the field of drug addiction warned Tuesday that decriminalizing marijuana could lead to increased abuse of the drug.
1	Pats kick off season with win The NFL champion New England Patriots escape with a season-opening victory, keeping their winning streak alive and again frustrating Peyton Manning.
3	Nintendo President Shrugs Off PSP Following on from the hugely successful launch of the Nintendo DS across America and Japan, Satoru Iwata President Nintendo Co. has today shrugged off the challenge of the impending release of the Sony PSP.
0	Big Spending Bills Become Congressal Habit (AP) AP - Ronald Reagan, in his 1988 State of the Union address to Congress, hefted a 1,000-page, 14-pound spending bill and warned lawmakers against sending him more "behemoths" like this. "And if you do, I will not sign it."
1	Kings Beat Celtics for 4th Straight Win (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic had 27 points, including six 3-pointers, to help the Sacramento Kings win their fourth straight game, 119-105 over the Boston Celtics Sunday night.
2	Condo Pandemonium Nothing makes New Yorkers pant like a luxury apartment, so when the city announced a few months ago that it would auction off seven high-end condos, a crowd was expected.
0	China mine blast toll rises to 50 as hopes for missing workers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHENJIASHAN MINE, China : The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to 50 after more than 20 bodies were found as hopes of finding alive another 116 trapped workers all but vanished.
0	Cheap HIV treatment hailed Giving HIV-positive children a common antibiotic could nearly halve the death rate, the UN says.
2	Oil breaks \$US50 barrier CRUDE oil prices pushed past the psychologically important \$US50-per-barrel mark today and hit an all-time high as the market reacted to the slow recovery of US production in the Gulf of Mexico following Hurricane Ivan as well as unrest in key oil 
1	Baseball Rejects Terms for Washington Stadium Major League Baseball on Wednesday rejected as  quot;wholly unacceptable quot; a stadium financing plan approved the day before by the Washington City Council, throwing into grave 
1	No. 12 Mississippi St. 53, Fairfield 49 Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury wouldn #39;t use the absence of Lawrence Roberts as an excuse for the 12th-ranked Bulldogs #39; close call against Fairfield on Thursday night in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
2	India to forge strategic partnership with EU Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh left here Sunday for a three-day visit to The Hague to attend the fifth India-European Union Summit aimed at promoting their growing ties to a strategic level.
1	Agony and ecstasy in women #39;s triathlon There was the Aussie leading the race. There was the American with the Aussie-themed daughter named Sydney hanging tough in second.
1	No. 1 LSU Beats No. 13 Minnesota, 75-67 (AP) AP - Seimone Augustus scored 22 points to lead top-ranked LSU past No. 13 Minnesota 75-67 in a matchup Tuesday night of Final Four teams from last season.
0	News in Brief Pope John Paul II presided at a special prayer service Wednesday for an icon he is returning to Russia, expressing his hopes that the gesture will improve relations between Roman Catholics and Russian Orthodox Christians.
1	Zito Silences D-Rays' Bats in A's 5-0 Win (AP) AP - Barry Zito scattered four hits over eight shutout innings, leading the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 5-0 on Saturday night.
3	Martian hill shows signs of ancient water LOS ANGELES - NASA #39;s Spirit rover has found more evidence of past water on the hills of Mars, while its twin, Opportunity, has observed a field of dunes inside a crater. 
3	U.S. government, companies warn of critical Oracle flaws US-CERT has issued an alert citing several security flaws in Oracle products that could be used to shut down or take control of vulnerable systems or to corrupt or steal data from Oracle databases.
0	House Approves Drought, Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - The House on Saturday unanimously approved  #36;14.5 billion for hurricane victims and struggling farmers as Congress moved a step closer to showering money on Florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections.
2	Dollar Extends Its Rebound Into Third Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar extended its rebound into a  third day on Friday as investors worried that the dollar's  two-month slide had been too rapid and sought more neutral  ground in the final stretch before the year-end.
0	UK Train Line to Be Closed for Days, #39; Police Say (Update1) A main train line between London and the southwest of England will remain closed for a number of days, #39; #39; police said, while they investigate the derailment of a FirstGroup Plc train that killed six people yesterday.
0	'Che's Trail' in Bolivia Traces Guevara's Demise &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LA PAZ, Bolivia (Reuters) - Tourists and political pilgrimscan now follow "Che's trail" in Bolivia, which traces ErnestoGuevara's fatal attempt to export the Cuban revolution to oneof Latin America's poorest countries.&lt;/p&gt;
1	Open Letter to Tyler Hamilton USATODAY.com presents the second installment of a new feature called Open Letter. Periodically we will identify a sports personality in the news and ask for your comments, written in an  quot;Open Letter quot; form 
2	Web attacks up by a third SERVICE AND software outfit IBM says that Internet attacks directed at the networks rose 27 per cent in September over July and August.
1	Notre Dame LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Top-ranked Southern California tries to win a school-record 21st straight home game and post a 20th consecutive victory overall when it hosts rival Notre Dame on Saturday.
1	Cricket: Vaughan is wind-swept ENGLAND #39;S attempt to complete a memorable summer by landing their first major one-day trophy ended in thrilling failure as West Indies scampered to a two-wicket success in fading light to win the ICC Champions Trophy final.
3	AOL Enhances Its Google Powered  Search Engine AOL Enhances Its Google Powered  Search Engine\\Search Engines seems to be going the browser engines way. There are few popular engines and companies are using them with value added services to make their own. And as expected Google seems to be the #1 choice for most companies out there. ...
3	Adult Site Sues Google for Infringment (AP) AP - A Web site that sells photos of naked women is suing Google Inc., alleging that the online search engine leader is destroying its business by distributing links and passwords that provide free glimpses of the nude models.
2	Game On for Take-Two Profits may disappoint, but revenue strength is evidence that the game company is a relevant player.
0	Iran May Negotiate With U.S. Over Nukes (AP) AP - Iran is willing to talk with the United States about a nuclear program that Washington alleges is aimed at secretly acquiring the bomb, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Monday. The White House, however, rejected the idea.
1	Olympics sport solid ratings Gyms worldwide were dark in anticipation of the Olympic gymnastics competition, NBC's Al Trautwig said this week in a dramatic introduction -- and then the cameras pulled back to reveal row after row of empty seats in Athens.
2	Brazil #39;s CVRD CEO: Iron Ore Prices Should Rise In 2005 RIO DE JANEIRO (Dow Jones)--After jumping 9 in 2003 and 19 in 2004, iron ore prices appear likely to rise another 20 or more in 2005 as the world #39;s biggest steelmakers 
2	Northland sells cranberry processing business to Ocean Spray &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wisconsin Rapids-based Northland Cranberries Inc. has agreed to sell its cranberry processing operations, including its Wisconsin Rapids plant and cranberry inventory, to rival Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.
3	-Posted by dan.farber  10:16 pm (PDT) Intel CTO Pat Gelsinger says the Internet must be upgraded with a new layer of capabilities to deal with imminent problems of capacity, security and reliability.
2	Oil prices fall as supply fears fade World oil prices plummeted to a near three-month low on Thursday, capping a two-day, 12-percent plunge as fear of a global energy supply crunch evaporated.
3	Skype ready for both telephone worlds An adapter made by Siemens allows phones to make calls using the Internet or the traditional phone network.
0	Ex-General Leads Megawati in Indonesia Election Description: Former Gen. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono leads incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri after polls close in Indonesia #39;s first direct presidential election.
2	SEC charges 3 former Kmart execs, others in fraud case The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday it filed charges against three former executives of retailer Kmart Holdings (KMRT) in a \$24 million accounting fraud case.
1	Wolfsburg lose second straight Wolfsburg, Germany (Sports Network) - Wolfsburg #39;s magical start to the season is fading fast as the club lost for the third time in four matches Saturday, 3-2 against Hertha Berlin.
0	Nigerian pilgrims robbed in Darfur - report Khartoum - A group of 120 Nigerian pilgrims were attacked in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, an official Sudanese newspaper said on Tuesday, after another report that 300 Nigerians were robbed on their way to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, last week.
2	US Airways Pilots' Union Decides to Resume Talks The US Airways pilots' union said it would resume talks with the airline, which is urging its unions to grant \$800 million in cuts to save it from a bankruptcy filing.
2	Final face-off is 20 days before voters head to polls WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry squared off in Arizona Wednesday for their third and final debate before the election, book-ending their remarks on domestic issues with pledges to keep the nation safer.
0	Death toll rises to 10 in Quezon train mishap (10:50 am) PADRE BURGOS -- A speeding passenger train derailed and fell into a ravine in Quezon province, overturning several times and killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 118 others, officials said.
3	VeriSign nears new Net phone deals Ten Internet phone providers are set to use its behemoth signaling network. Does the move take away business from the Bells?
2	Survey: Local hiring to remain flat/12-14 The majority of employers in Hamilton and Fairfield dont plan to hire over the next three months, according the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
2	BBC Tech staff become Siemens workers Some 1440 BBC Technology staff have been transferred to Siemens Business Services today following the completion of a major ten-year 2bn Technology Framework Contract (TFC).
2	Stocks Seen Steady Ahead of Oil, GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday, a day after staging a late rally on heavy  machinery maker Caterpillar Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; raised sales  forecast, but high oil prices will remain on investors' minds  ahead of U.S. crude inventories data.
3	Oracle moves to monthly patching schedule Weeks after coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, Oracle Corp. has announced that it is moving to a monthly patch release schedule. 
2	Mortgage lending growth slows Mortgage borrowing rose at its slowest monthly pace in more than two years in September and approvals for home loans dropped to a four-year low, in another sign that the housing market has turned.
0	Japan to confirm what Annan meant by saying Iraq war illegal TOKYO - Japan will try to confirm what UN Secretary General Kofi Annan meant by reportedly saying the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said Thursday.
3	Advertisements Insinuated Into Video Games Roar down city streets in the upcoming "Need for Speed Underground 2" racing game and you'll see a Best Buy store amid the skyscrapers along with bright billboards hawking Cingular Wireless, Old Spice, and Burger King.
0	VIEW: No monopoly on terrorism Rashed Rahman Pakistan, or for that matter any other country in the world, has no monopoly on being a victim of terrorism. In Dhaka to attend a conference of the South Asian Free Media Association (SAFMA), I was a witness 
1	Radcliffe Wins Closest NYC Marathon Radcliffe Makes Up for Olympic Heartbreak With Close NYC Marathon Win; S. African Wins Men #39;s Race. Great Britain #39;s Paula Radcliffe, left, and Kenya #39;s Susan Chepkemei, embrace after crossing the finish line at the New York City Marathon Sunday.
3	Cassini Craft Spies Saturn Moon Dione (AP) AP - The Cassini spacecraft's close flyby of Saturn's mysterious moon Titan this week revealed clouds that will give clues to its weather, but the pass left scientists still puzzled about its surface.
0	U.S. Ambassador Appeals to Some Taliban (AP) AP - The top U.S. official in Afghanistan called Thursday on the Taliban to give up their three-year insurgency against American forces, pledging "non-criminal" fighters will left in peace if they acknowledge the authority of President-elect Hamid Karzai.
3	Unanet's Software Lets Managers Watch Work in Progress For about a decade, Frances B. Craig looked for a product to build her company around. She had started an information technology consulting company but missed building software to help companies operate efficiently.
3	Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger Approved Software maker PeopleSoft Inc. announced Monday that it had agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp. in a \$10.3 billion deal, ending one of the longest, nastiest takeover battles in recent corporate history. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
3	MIT Researchers Work to Power Computers With Spinach Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say they have used spinach to harness a plant's ability to convert sunlight into energy for the first time, creating a device that may one day power laptops, mobile phones and more.
3	Yahoo and Adobe ally on search Yahoo and Adobe have formed a partnership to attempt to keep pace with Google and Microsoft in the search arena. Under the deal, Adobe is adding a toolbar to its Acrobat software that will link to various 
0	Eight US Marines among 24 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 24 people, including eight US Marines, were killed in Iraq suicide bombing and fighting. An al-Qaeda-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle on Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green 
2	Borders Posts \$1.5M Loss in 3rd Quarter Borders Group Inc. said Tuesday that it swung to a loss in the fiscal third quarter as fewer customers came to stores and best seller sales declined.
1	Carney leads No. 24 Tigers into final Rodney Carney scored a career-high 33 points as No. 24 Memphis ended the surprising tournament run of St. Mary #39;s with an 81-66 victory in the semifinals of the Coaches vs.
0	Blunkett #39;s sacrifice DAVID Blunkett sacrificed his political career last night when he resigned as Home Secretary just days before an inquiry was due to report that the visa application for his former lover #39;s nanny was  quot;fast-tracked quot; after all.
2	Ace 3Q Falls on Storm Payouts Ace Ltd., one of four insurers named in connection with an investigation into bid-rigging at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos., on Tuesday gave investors another bout of bad news after reporting third-quarter results fell to a loss due to storms that struck during 
3	Competitors Pounce on CA #39;s Netegrity Buy Competitors are publicly happy about Computer Associate #39;s (Quote, Chart) \$430 million acquisition of Netegrity (Quote, Chart), but there might be a hint of trepidation over the combination of the two security software players.
2	Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags (Reuters) Reuters - Caesars Entertainment Inc.\on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas\hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a\profit that was unexpected by the company.
3	New Computer Chip Built for Speed IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have announced that they have produced a silicon chip with a marked improvement in speed by using strained silicon technology.
0	Several dead at Ivory Coast demo Several people have died after shooting at an anti-French protest in Ivory Coast #39;s commercial capital, Abidjan. Several witnesses told the BBC that French peacekeepers opened fire on a crowd of tens of thousands supporters of Ivorian government.
0	Classy McGrath puts Australia on top in third India Test (AFP) AFP - Glenn McGrath destroyed India's top order in his 100th Test match here to bring world champions Australia closer to their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years.
3	Red Cross tsunami victims' Web site overwhelmed A Red Cross Web site designed to help relatives locate survivors of last week's Indian Ocean tsunami partially crashed last week after being overwhelmed by traffic in its first 24 hours, a spokesman said.
1	Arsenal have  #39;grown up #39; Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are a more mature outfit as a result of the European heartbreak they have suffered over recent seasons.
2	The Sponsor Moves In The Days, owned by its advertisers, may boost ABC'S bottom line. But will they control content?
3	To Forecast Climate Change, Scientists Core Antarctic Ice Braving some of the world's coldest temperatures and wickedest winds, researchers are drilling ice cores in Antarctica to answer questions about global climate change.
1	Azeri to Run in Classic Azeri will try to beat the boys again, this time in the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park on Saturday.
3	FTC Goes After Spyware Operations The FTC has taken legal action in an effort to shut down Seismic Entertainment Productions and SmartBot.Net -- two companies that have become notorious as distributors of spyware.
1	NFL Wrap: McNabb Leads Eagles to 4th Straight East Title (Reuters) Reuters - Donovan McNabb passed for one\touchdown and rushed for another as the Philadelphia Eagles won\their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win over the
2	Director pay deals 'surge 12.8' UK director pay rose 12.8 to an average of almost 600,000 during 2003 - three times faster than average staff earnings, a survey says.
1	Wilson sets the pace at Texas Open SAN ANTONIO -- Dean Wilson shot a five-under 65 on Friday and led Ted Purdy by a stroke halfway through the Texas Open. Wilson was at 11-under 129 after 36 holes at the La Cantera Golf Club course in the rocky hills just north of San Antonio.
3	NASA will smash comet to see what #39;s inside You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when 
2	Variety is truly the spice of Christmas tree sales What does it take to lure harried Christmas shoppers away from the malls and the prepackaged convenience of an already decorated plastic Christmas tree in a box?
1	Sharapova shocked in SwissCom Challenge Zurich - Australia #39;s Alicia Molik upset match favourite Maria Sharapova, winning Sunday #39;s final of the Swisscom Challenge 4-6 6-2 6-3.
0	Allawi warns of new assault on Fallujah BAGHDAD - Iraq #39;s interim prime minister said yesterday that efforts to resolve the conflict in Fallujah peacefully had entered their final phase and warned that  quot;our patience is running thin, quot; vowing to clear the city of militants who have carried out 
1	No. 24 LSU at No. 12 Florida Coaches: Ron Zook is 19-11 in his third year at UF; Nick Saban is 42-15 in his fifth year at LSU and 85-41-1 in his 11th year overall.
3	Nokia joins Secure Digital industry group Nokia on Tuesday said it has joined an industry group working on technical and specification standards for Secure Digital memory card applications.
0	After Gitmo, Back to Terror Detainees who've been released, only to join up again with anti-U.S. forces
2	Nikkei Up 2 Percent in Late Morning  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 2 percent by late  morning trade on Monday as banks extended last week's gains and  strong gains in U.S. semiconductor chip stocks helped push up  Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp.
3	TiVo hacks flourish Voided warranty, electrocution, the wrath of Hollywood--so what? Nothing seems to hinder the TiVo hacker.
1	Talk NASCAR with Mike Massaro Welcome to The Show! On Novemeber 21 in Homestead, Fla, NASCAR will crown a champion when the inaugural Chase for the Nextel Cup concludes.
3	UPDATE 2-Video game maker Acclaim files for bankruptcy Video game publisher Acclaim Entertainment Inc. (AKLM.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) , which has been hampered by a lack of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday after failing to line up new financing.
1	Auburn in Running for Bowl Game (AP) AP - Tommy Tuberville would be shocked if a Southeastern Conference team went undefeated, won the league title game and failed to get a shot at the national title.
2	Rank May Exit Movie Business, Sell Unit, After Losses (Update4) Rank Group Plc, a UK distributor of movies for half a century, plans to exit the film industry after losses at its DVD and cinema production business.
2	American Account: Irwin Stelzer: Crackdown by Spitzer doesnt go &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JUST when the financial-services industry thought it had made peace with New Yorks attorney-general, Eliot Spitzer showed that his battle with the investment banks had whetted rather than sated his appetite for combat.
2	Gas Tops  #36;2/gallon, 2.9 Cents from Record (Reuters) Reuters - The average weekly retail price for\U.S. gasoline topped  #36;2 a gallon to reach the third-highest\level ever recorded by the government, the Energy Department\said on Monday.
1	R Obsession comes flying in Frances Genter The speed battle trainer Tim Ritvo hoped would develop to enhance stretch-running R Obsession #39;s chances in Saturday #39;s \$100,000 Frances Genter Stakes at Calder never materialized.
1	Hanson completes 50m quinella OLYMPIC silver medallist Brooke Hanson led an Australian quinella in the 50 metres breaststroke final at the world shortcourse win titles at Indianapolis today.
3	Oracle v. DOJ: Traders bet on Oracle special coverage Assuming Oracle will win its antitrust suit, traders are scooping up PeopleSoft options.
1	Strained left wrist sidelines Garciaparra CHICAGO -- Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra missed yesterday's game against the Milwaukee Brewers because of a strained left wrist and his status is day to day.
1	Sales, Sun surge ahead The Connecticut Sun had an off game last Saturday, when they dropped the opener of their WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal series against the Washington Mystics. But the Sun came back to even the series Monday, and it was the Mystics who had the off game.
1	Devil Rays Can't Get to New York in Time for Afternoon Game Hurricane Frances caused an afternoon doubleheader between the Devil Rays and Yankees to become a single night game.
2	Bush vows to reduce huge deficits US President George W Bush pledged on Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the US #39; huge deficits, to assure markets that his administration supports a strong dollar.
0	DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd.&lt;NCP.AX&gt; will sell its stake in Sky Latin America to DirecTVGroup &lt;DTV.N&gt;, another company which it controls, for \$579million in order to consolidate operations of the two satellitebroadcasters, the companies said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
3	 #39;Northern lights #39; possible on LI The  quot;northern lights quot; will be visible this week in the Long Island area, with best chance of seeing them over the next few nights, astronomers said.
0	Glance at GOP Platform (AP) AP - In developing a party platform, Republicans devoted much effort to the question of how to extend a welcome to party members who oppose the GOP's stand against abortion and gay rights.
3	AOL to let nonsubscribers in In a move both risky and essential, AOL is abandoning its strategy of exclusivity and will free much of its music, sports and other programming to nonsubscribers in hopes of increasing ad sales.
1	Greece: Albanian youth killed by Greeks after the soccer game Prishtin, 5 September 2004 - (KosovoNews) - An Albanian youth was killed on the island of Zakinthos on Saturday night after being stabbed while young Albanian soccer fans were celebrating their country #39;s win over Greece in a World Soccer Cup qualifier 
2	CBI backs British jobs going abroad INDUSTRY is gearing up for a push to reform the European Union #39;s sluggish markets and to boost the skills of Britain #39;s workforce as hundreds of thousands of jobs are sucked away to Asia or Eastern Europe.
2	Regulators Clear Oracle Bid for Peoplesoft European Union antitrust regulators on Tuesday cleared Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
1	Montoya fears cancelled GP qualifying Formula Ones top stars are braced for bad weather this weekend in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka. Weather forecasters predict a typhoon will hit Suzuka on Saturday in time to wreck qualifying and the 
3	Drivers 'carry on using mobiles' Numbers of people using hand-held mobile phones is believed to be rising again in spite of tough new legislation.
1	BC High shuts down the Prep Defense has been the theme for No. 13 BC High and 14th-ranked St. John's Prep for most of this soccer season. Yesterday, BC High was just a little bit better in a 1-0 win that assured the host Eagles at least a share of the Catholic Conference title.  quot;That's a top defensive battle, quot; said BC coach Billy Ryan.  quot;The players ...
3	Researchers Develop Method to Find Algae (AP) AP - Marine researchers are hoping to prevent tides of destructive algae from killing fish and fouling beaches through early detection of the microscopic organisms.
3	New Attitude: Prince of Persia Right around the time that the Prince, dressed in studded leather and wielding blood-soaked scabbards, takes on a buxom undead vixen wearing a metal bikini, it becomes clear that this is most certainly not your father #39;s Prince of Persia .
1	Minnesota Vikings Sign Derek Ross (AP) AP - Cornerback Derek Ross, who tied for the NFL rookie lead in interceptions two years ago, was signed on Tuesday by the Minnesota Vikings.
3	13 Things We Can Expect From Ric Virgin CEO Richard Bransons Virgin Space Ship Enterprise Is Set To Set The World On Fire. We Dose Him With Cold Water With Our Rundown Of Things To Expect With The Launch Of Virgin Galactic.
2	European gold peaks, eyeing weak dollar Gold, benefiting from a weak dollar, peaked at \$444.60 an ounce in Europe on Wednesday, and traders said the metal could rise higher still.
0	Bush Pledges Immigration Reform at Asia-Pacific Summit  SANTIAGO (Reuters) - President Bush reached out to Latin  America on Sunday with a pledge to pursue immigration reform  but a security scuffle that he inserted himself into created a  lasting image for this year's summit of Asia-Pacific leaders.
0	EU chief vows to champion reforms BRUSSELS Jos Manuel Barroso came out fighting here Monday, his first day as president of the European Commission, saying the uncertainty surrounding the incoming commission had not dented the European Union #39;s credibility but was a sign of a growing EU 
2	A Windfall for a Student Loan Program The student loan industry is collecting a record amount of the old subsidies Congress thought it had retired.
3	Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Even though Microsoft Corp. #39;s much-anticipated Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key Longhorn technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the next 
0	IAEA informs UN of missing Iraq explosives The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has officially informed the Security Council of some 380 tons of high explosives missing from a weapons dump in Iraq.
2	Sears-Kmart: Eddie #39;s Master Stroke Edward S. Lampert has made no secret of wanting to follow in the footsteps of his hero, Warren E. Buffett. Like the Sage of Omaha, Lampert formed a partnership at age 25 and invested in old-line companies that throw off lots of cash.
3	Microsoft #39;s spam plan rejected Attempts to fight spam by identifying e-mails have hit problems over Microsoft #39;s involvement in the process. The Internet Engineering Task Force, an international standards body, has rejected Microsoft #39;s contribution to the so-called Sender ID proposal.
3	Scientists Gain Glimpse of Bizarre Matter in a Neutron Star Scientists have obtained their best measurement yet of the size and contents of a neutron star, an ultra-dense object containing the strangest and rarest matter in the Universe.
0	Iran has said it has frozen uranium enrichment programs WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.
3	Microsoft steers R2 server for '05 release Security collaboration with Cisco will bump key network protection feature until 2007.\
0	Mexico Arrests Local Official in Killings (AP) AP - Moving to halt a bloody drug war in this popular beach resort, Mexico investigated the federal prosecutor's office Wednesday and arrested a local official in the killings of nine people, including three federal agents.
0	Gunfire Erupts During Powell Visit to Haiti (Reuters) Reuters - Shooting erupted on\Wednesday outside Haiti's presidential palace while Secretary\of State Colin Powell was inside talking with the interim\leaders of the violence-plagued country.
1	Webber stirs Pizzonia row Mark Webber has re-ignited the war of words with former Jaguar teammate Antonio Pizzonia, accusing the Brazilian of lying about quality of their cars.
0	Price hike for business broadband Small net firms warn they could be hit hard by BT's decision to raise prices for business broadband.
0	Florida Supreme Court to Rule on Backup Ballots (Reuters) Reuters - Voters displaced by\hurricanes or given flawed instructions should be allowed to\cast ballots outside their designated precincts, critics of\Florida's provisional ballot law told the state Supreme Court\on Wednesday.
2	Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed  to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that  it hopes will complement its full-service portfolio.
1	America again takes the fight out of Angola The US Olympics basketball team took a trip back to its former days of dominance Monday, and it was only appropriate the opponent was Angola.
2	Charter will add phone service Madison area cable provider Charter Communications is set to complete the  quot;telecom triple play quot; with the addition of phone service.
3	New Internet worm spreading quickly: experts (AFP) AFP - A new Internet worm was spreading quickly, threatening to overload computer systems around the world by generating copies by e-mail, security experts said.
2	Think tanks see no eurozone rate change Nine leading think tanks in the eurozone have predicted that interest rates will stay unchanged for six months. The forecast comes from a new  quot;Euroframe quot; outlook, in which Ireland #39;s Economic and Social Research Institute is one of the institutes involved.
1	Panthers 28, Chiefs 17 DeShaun Foster did not just sub for the injured Stephen Davis, he came within 4 yards of erasing Davis #39; team record for yards rushing in a game.
1	Kovalev heading home Movement continues to take place among NHL players -- but it's not toward North American teams nor arenas.
0	Saddam has first meeting with his lawyer Preparations to put Saddam Hussein on trial intensified on Thursday with a first meeting between the ousted Iraqi president and a member of the defence team appointed by his family.
3	Europeans to send another Beagle to Mars London - The British team behind the ill-fated Beagle 2 probe to Mars, which vanished without trace in December 2003 while attempting to land on the Red Planet, unveiled plans on Wednesday for a possible successor mission.
1	Jets: When it comes to November, Edwards is a fall guy Following the Jets #39; 41-14 shellacking of the Dolphins Monday night, the Jets improved to 10-2 in November under Edwards, who has the best winning percentage in that month among active NFL coaches with a minimum of 10 games.
1	Rockets 92, Hawks 69 Tracy McGrady had 25 points and Yao Ming scored 23 to lead the Houston Rockets past the Atlanta Hawks 92-69 on Wednesday night. It was the biggest blowout of the season for Houston, which won for the fourth time in five games.
2	Oil Near Highs, Nigeria Threat Eases  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held near record highs on  Friday even though oil unions in OPEC member Nigeria said a  two-day wildcat strike would pass without any impact on  exports.
3	Birding Column: Appreciating Non-Native Ducks and Geese While "serious" birders in the U.S. disdain non-native ducks and geese, one birding columnist enjoys observing the many species that have made California their home.
0	Pakistan tribesmen hunt for Qaeda-linked militants (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani tribesmen launched a house-to-house hunt for al Qaeda-linked Islamic militants in a tribal region near the Afghan border on Saturday.
1	Japanese Baseball Players, Owners Reach Deal  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese baseball players and club  representatives reached a deal Thursday to end the first strike  in the 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with owners  agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next  season.
0	French security policy bombs French police ended their practice Sunday of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up on a flight out of Paris #39; Charles de Gaulle airport.
1	Mourning #39;s first game after transplant NBA star Alonzo Mourning came back to the court Thursday night in a Nets 2-point-win over the 76ers. BEIJING, Oct. 29 (Xinhuanet) -- NBA star Alonzo Mourning came back to the court Thursday night in a Nets 2-point-win over the 76ers.
1	Beard leads Mystics past Monarchs in overtime Rookie Alana Beard has looked like a seasoned veteran ever since the Washington Mystics put teammate Chamique Holdsclaw on the injured list.
0	Russian Mine Blast Kills 10, Injures 30  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A methane blast in a mineshaft in  Russia's Siberia killed at least 10 people and injured 30 on  Thursday, a government spokesman said.
3	ATI annuncia nuova tecnologia  quot;HyperMemory quot; Con il comunicato stampa che trovate qui sotto, ATI ha annunciato  quot;HyperMemory quot; una tecnologia che grazie a particolari algoritmi consente un veloce scambio di dati tra la scheda grafica e la memoria ram di sistema.
3	Computer Naivete Costs A Bundle The meltdown of my home computer was my fault, the result of having switched to a high-speed Internet connection without installing a firewall or heeding those pesky warnings to download critical updates for Windows and anti-virus software. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
1	Tourists award gold to Athens ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympic hosts are winning rave reviews after the first week of the Athens Games, with foreign visitors expressing delight with the friendly, clean and well-organised Greek capital. 
1	AL notables Joe Crede is Chicago's sixth player with 20 homers, a franchise record. The other White Sox with 20 or more homers are Paul Konerko (40), Carlos Lee (29), Jose Valentin (29), Aaron Rowand (22), and Juan Uribe (21).
2	UPDATE 1-Brocade posts higher quarterly profit Brocade Communications Systems Inc. (BRCD.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of data networking equipment, said on Monday its quarterly profit rose, helped by new products 
0	Blair  #39;Should Broker Deal to Boost Aid Spending #39; Prime Minister Tony Blair was urged today to use Britains upcoming presidency of the G8 to broker a global agreement to cancel poor countries debt and double spending on aid.
1	UNC upends UConn  quot;I think the game played out probably the way I thought it would play out, quot; he said.  quot;I can #39;t say that I #39;m really, really that surprised.
1	Home rule FOXBOROUGH -- If you listened to Patriots coach Bill Belichick and others speaking about the Bills last week, Drew Bledsoe was playing like the second coming of Johnny Unitas and Willis McGahee was running like Walter Payton.
2	Pier 1 Shares Up Home furnishings retailer Pier 1 Imports Inc. (PIR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a sharp fall in third-quarter earnings, but its share price jumped as analysts had feared worse news.
2	Salvation Army Seeks Online Holiday Donations SAN FRANCISCO -- The Salvation Army is counting on tech-savvy Bay Area residents to help the organization meet its holiday fundraising goals with as much clicking of the mouse as clinking of coins.
1	Melvin Finds Role A basketball refugee when the ROckers folded, Chasity Melvin has since helped stabilize the Mystics without Chamique Holdsclaw.
2	Time for US to spank Fannie Ever since Enron collapsed, a seemingly endless parade of America #39;s largest companies have been caught manipulating their numbers, more than a few of them criminally.
0	Music Industry Is Trying Out New Releases as Digital Only Universal has signed a handful of artists to a digital-only record label. Starting Tuesday, it will release songs through online services like iTunes.
0	Ukraine Speaker: Keep Poisoning Out of Campaign  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's influential parliament speaker  called on Monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition  leader Viktor Yushchenko to be kept out of the country's  presidential election campaign.
3	Yahoo doubles e-mail storage limits Yahoo Inc is more than doubling its limits on free e-mail storage in its latest move to combat two of its biggest rivals, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp.
3	N.C. Co. Develops Germ-Fighting Clothes (AP) AP - Deep in the Atlantic Ocean, undersea explorers are living a safer life thanks to germ-fighting clothing made in Kinston.
3	Carriers see key rulings soon LAS VEGAS - The major U.S. regional carriers want to leapfrog cable operators with advanced video services over IP (Internet Protocol), and expected upcoming U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rulings may help pave the way for those roll-outs.
1	FIFA publish World Player of the year list FIFA has given out the nominees list for the 2004 World Player award to be presented on December 20th at the Zurich Opera House. 35 contenders are listed.
1	Batting the prime focus CHENNAI, OCTOBER 12: Optimism is what drives Indian cricket, whether or not its rooted to ground realities. So Laxmipathy Balaji, who sits out his home Test in Chennai against the Australians with an injury 
3	Armies of Exigo marches into stores EA #39;s latest RTS features combat on two levels; gamers can battle with elves, trolls, and beasts for \$39.99. Electronic Arts today shipped its latest real-time strategy game, Armies of Exigo, to retail stores.
1	Michigan shows confidence in freshman QB Chad Henne #39;s freshman orientation came off largely without a hitch. If his first road trip is as smooth, Michigan could be on its way to a special season.
0	The Forgotten tops US box office Chiller The Forgotten  tops the US box office chart, with UK zombie movie Shaun of the Dead at number seven.
0	Indonesians set to go to polls The bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta has elevated terrorism, as an election issue, from a shade above nowhere to a point just visible on Indonesia #39;s political horizon.
1	Cursed either way R everse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brighams, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, introduced last spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.
3	Q1 Labs Enhances Security Monitoring System The security threats against business-technology systems continue to multiply. Not only do malicious worms and viruses such as Blaster and Bagle continue to wreak havoc, but security pros 
1	Els Sweats Out American Express Victory (AP) AP - The majors over, Ernie Els got a consolation prize Sunday by capturing his first World Golf Championship. Els outlasted Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel at Mount Juliet, making a 6-foot birdie on the 17th hole for a cushion he desperately needed and closing with a 3-under 69 to win the American Express Championship by one shot.
3	Last of Mercury Astronauts Remember  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper The last of the seven Project Mercury astronauts who pioneered US space exploration in the 1960s remembered one of their own as a fearless pilot with the  quot;right stuff quot; in 
2	Ford to build new plant in Oakville: report TORONTO - Ford Motor Co. is reported to be on the verge of announcing a \$1-billion investment at its plant in Oakville, Ont. The company has decided to build a flexible manufacturing plant at the site, the Toronto Star reported Friday.
0	Golden double for Holmes Britain's Kelly Holmes makes Olympic history by adding 1500m gold to her 800m title.
2	Spitzer Plans to Sue Insurer New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters Friday.
3	Apple Opens EU iTunes, Unveils iPod Photo Apple Opens EU iTunes, Unveils iPod Photo\\Apple is still leading the pack in taking a bite out of online music shopping search with the news that they have launched a European iTunes online music store. Shortly before Apple's special music event on Tuesday featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, ...
0	Top Iraq official shot dead  Gunmen shoot and kill a senior official in Iraq's communication ministry on his way to work in Baghdad.
3	Ridge leaves mixed legacy The first head of the Department of Homeland Security forges a single organization, but spearheaded some questionable initiatives.
0	Stocks Turn Higher As Oil Hits Record High NEW YORK - Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally Wednesday to finish higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies. Volume was relatively light as investors awaited the government's jobs creation report at the end of the week...
1	Bonds hits No. 697, Giants rout Diamondbacks Barry Bonds is three home runs away from joining Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s 700 club. Bonds hit his 697th homer in the San Francisco Giants #39; 18-7 home victory over Arizona on Friday night, a two 
2	Motorla to cut jobs worldwide Chicago - Motorola will cut 1 000 jobs and take a charge of \$50 million (R320.5 million) for severance benefits as it moves to complete a spinoff of its money-losing semiconductor unit, the company said.
1	Muller, Hewitt for final UNHERALDED Gilles Muller spoiled a star-studded finals scenario at the Washington Open today, muscling aside Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to move into a match-up with Lleyton Hewitt.
2	PBHG Funds, Founders Settle Charges (Reuters) Reuters - The founders of the PBHG mutual funds\agreed to pay  #36;160 million in restitution and civil fines, and\to accept a lifetime ban from the securities industry to\resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the\funds, regulators said on Wednesday.
2	Petrol price cut sparks pump war The fall in crude oil prices has begun to reach UK consumers, with supermarket Morrisons sparking a potential price war in the run up to Christmas.
0	US, Brazil Predict End to Brazil's UN Nuke Dispute  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States and Brazil  predicted on Tuesday Latin America's largest country would  resolve a dispute with the U.N. nuclear watchdog over  inspections of a uranium enrichment plant.
1	Grace Park leads them a merry dance in Korea Grace Park might have made a shaky start on day three of the CJ Nine Bridges event in Korea today, but by the time she had finished the only ones shaking were those who had to follow in her wake.
0	Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
2	Colgate Warns, Shares Hit 4-Year Low  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade,  saying earnings will fall well short of Wall Street forecasts  due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11  percent to a four-year low.
0	South Americans Make Offer to EU on Trade (AP) AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the European Union and clinch a trans-Atlantic free trade deal by an October deadline.
3	British hostage tried fleeing before death: report The portrait of Ken Bigley, who was murdered in Iraq October 7, stands in front of the congregation during a service at Liverpool #39;s Roman Catholic Cathedral on October 10.
1	No. 13 Vanderbilt Tops Miami (Ohio), 93-50 (AP) AP - Ashley Earley and Carla Thomas combined for 46 points to lead No. 13 Vanderbilt over Miami of Ohio 93-50 on Saturday.
1	Sooners, Utes move up in BCS By wire services. Miami is No. 1 to the BCS computers, but it still fell to No.3 in the standings released Monday. USC stayed atop the standings at .
2	Thomson Partners with Microsoft, Time Warner Aiming to promote the development of inter-operable digital rights management (DRM) systems, Paris-based Thomson has become a strategic investor in ContentGuard, a developer of DRM intellectual property, making it a partner with current investors 
0	Sudan slams Powell's 'genocide' declaration ABUJA -- The US declaration that Sudanese government-allied militiamen have committed genocide in the Darfur region is a ''big mistake quot; that could hinder peace talks and undermine the role of African states mediating the 19-month conflict, Sudanese government officials said yesterday. The announcement by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Thursday that the killing, raping, and displacement of black Africans ...
2	Bike owners can replace Kryptonite locks free of charge Bike owners trying to figure out what to do with their round-key Kryptonite locks (which reportedly can be picked open with the hollow shaft of a Bic pen), should know that Kryptonite is offering to replace the locks, free of charge.
3	Lucent Lands Isle Of Man Deal The Isle of Man is once again in the spotlight, this time with mmO2 #39;s plans to tap Lucent Technologies for a Manx Telecom UMTS network.
0	FRANCE STRUGGLES TO DENY  #39;POISONOUS #39; ARAFAT RUMOR JERUSALEM - France yesterday insisted Yasser Arafat did not die of poisoning as it tried to control a wave of conspiracy theories sweeping the Mideast in the wake of the Palestinian leader #39;s death.
0	A revised disengagement strategy As Yasser Arafat was being brought for burial, and even before a Palestinian leadership has arisen that will prove that it is heading in a new direction, British Prime Minister Tony Blair went 
1	 #39;Rocket #39; Clemens Lands Record Seventh Cy Young Award Roger Clemens, at 42, became the oldest Cy Young winner in Major League history on Tuesday, claiming the award for a record seventh time.
2	AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular merger passes one test US antitrust regulators have approved the \$41 billion purchase of Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. by Cingular Wireless LLC, the Associated Press and Reuters have reported.
2	Clorox Boosts 2Q, Year Guidance on Gain Household products maker Clorox Co. on Thursday revised its second-quarter and year guidance higher to reflect the benefits of the stock exchange with Henkel KGaA and related financing.
2	After the lurid stories, Black still faces judgment day The story could hardly be more dramatic. Over 513 pages, former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Richard Breeden accuses former Telegraph owner Lord Black and his fellow executives of systematically 
1	NHL expected to reject union proposal Gary Bettman and the NHL return to the negotiating table with the players #39; association today in Toronto, but the league is expected to formally reject the offer made by the union last Thursday.
3	Sasser author hired by AV firm According to reports, Sven Jaschan, who was arrested in May and charged with creating some of the most potent viruses to hit the internet, has been offered a job with Lueneburg, Germany-based Securepoint.
1	As promised, party was quite subdued FOXBOROUGH -- History never felt quite this ho-hum. For weeks, cautious Patriots players downplayed their run at the record book, insisting their systematic construction of a winning streak dating back to October of 2003 was of little or no consequence. We were chastised for forecasting the possibilities and discouraged from attaching significance to a milestone that would not produce a ...
0	Photojournalist Eddie Adams Dies at 71 NEW YORK - Eddie Adams, a photojournalist whose half-century of arresting work was defined by a single frame - a Pulitzer Prize-winning Associated Press photo of a communist guerrilla being executed in a Saigon street during the Vietnam War - died Sunday. He was 71...
3	SH/Renepo-A 'Opener' malware targets Mac OS X (MacCentral) MacCentral - As first reported by Macintouch last week, there's a new form of malware that specifically targets Mac OS X. Already dubbed "Opener," it's been confirmed by corporate anti-virus software maker Sophos Plc., which has posted details on its Web site, and has called the malware "SH/Renepo-A." Sophos describes the code as a shell script worm that specifically targets Mac OS X computers.
1	SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Matt Morris tossed his second shutout of the season and Reggie Sanders homered and drove in two runs as the St.
0	South Korea's Roh to showcase Russia's regional ambitions (AFP) AFP - South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun begins Monday a high-profile visit to Russia that is a chance for Moscow to showcase its role as a regional power in northeast Asia.
2	Treasuries Trim Gains After GDP Data (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury debt prices trimmed early\gains on Friday after U.S. economic data proved to be not quite\as weak as some bulls had been betting.
0	Panel Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say WASHINGTON - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.    Sen...
2	Insurer's earnings up 55 in 3d quarter Allmerica Financial Corp.'s third-quarter earnings rose 55 percent, and the property and casualty operations reported ''solid quot; pretax segment earnings for the period despite being hurt by catastrophe losses primarily related to hurricanes in the Southeast. The Worcester insurance and financial services holding company said earnings were \$17.7 million, or 33 cents a share, for the quarter, up from net income ...
3	Russia Plans Space Station Launch on Oct. 11 (Reuters) Reuters - Russia will launch a three-man crew to\the International Space Station on Oct. 11, two days later than\initially scheduled due to problems with the docking system,\Itar-Tass news agency reported on Wednesday.
3	PalmOne unveils Tungsten T5 In a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, PalmOne will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
0	Corruption costs 200bn a year Corruption costs businesses and governments more than 220 billion a year, with a number of oil producing states among the worst offenders, according to an international anti-graft watchdog.
2	State hits insurer's fee to consultant The executive director of the Massachusetts Group Insurance Commission, which buys health, life, and disability coverage for more than a quarter-million state employees and retirees and their families, said yesterday she demanded that one of the commission's insurance consultants return a six-figure payment it received from UnumProvident Corp. in connection with \$26 million in life-insurance business UnumProvident has with the ...
0	African Union Force Seen as Main Hope for Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Days before a U.N. deadline for\Sudan to disarm and prosecute those responsible for violence in\the country's Darfur region, nations are looking to the African\Union rather than any U.N. sanctions to curb further killing.
0	Plans Under Way for Exiled Iraqis to Vote -IOM  AMMAN (Reuters) - Logistical preparations are under way to  allow at least a million exiled Iraqis to cast their votes in  the country's first free elections next month, a senior  organizer said on Thursday.
0	The Division Is Almost in the Yankees' Hands After a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees can clinch the A.L. East championship on Thursday by beating them again.
1	Final Preseason Game Important for McMahon (AP) AP - Don't tell Mike McMahon the NFL's final exhibitions are meaningless.
3	New German Mobile Phone to Detect Bad Breath (Reuters) Reuters - A German telecommunications company said\on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will\alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off\offensive smells.
0	Explosion at Hotel Near Israel Leaves Many #39; Wounded (Update1) An explosion at a Hilton resort hotel frequented by Israelis on Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast near the border with Israel left many, many #39; #39; wounded, Israel #39;s Magen David Adom emergency medical service said.
0	Iraq War Tale Wins at Spanish Film Fest MADRID, Spain - A film about Iraqi villagers desperate for a satellite dish as they await the U.S. invasion won the top prize Saturday at Spain's leading film festival...
1	Protesting fans stop gym final Angry fans stopped the final of the men #39;s gymnastics high bar for 10 minutes as they booed judges for a poor score that destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov #39;s chance of a 13th Olympic medal.
0	Two U.S. Embassy Workers Hurt in Bombing (AP) AP - The bombing at the Taba Hilton hotel in Egypt caused slight injuries to two American employees of the U.S. embassy in Israel and their families, the State Department said Friday.
0	 #39;Old-fashioned, out of time. #39; Clarke dismisses princely view of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fragile relationship between the government and the royal family was under fresh strain last night, after the education secretary, Charles Clarke, dismissed the Prince of Wales #39; views on education as  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; and claimed the 
0	Armed Men Attack Baghdad Bus, at Least 4 Dead  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a bus carrying Baghdad  airport employees to work on Thursday, killing at least four  people and wounding several others, including the driver, an  airport employee said.
1	Torre not ready to name starter So who's pitching the most important game of the year for the Yankees tonight? Manager Joe Torre wasn't saying last night.
0	RBI raises interest rates to tackle inflation (Reuters) Reuters - The central bank raised its overnight repo rate on Tuesday for the first time in more than four years, citing concerns about a rise in inflation in Asia's fourth-largest economy.
0	Iraq carnage kills 21 as UN official warns time not ripe for polls BAGHDAD (AFP) - At least 21 people were killed in the latest in a renewed spree of attacks to hit Iraq , as a top UN official issued a stark warning that elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
1	Cubs Split Doubleheader With Marlins (AP) AP - The Cubs had only Monday available to play their makeup doubleheader against Florida, and as it turned out, the weather was great. But to Dusty Baker's dismay, David Weathers was pretty good, too. The journeyman right-hander, making his first start in six years, limited Chicago to two hits and one run in five innings, and the Marlins won the second game 5-2 to earn a split.
1	Celtics #39; West breaks right hand CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Delonte West of the Boston Celtics is sidelined indefinitely because of a broken right hand. West, 21, suffered the injury during the second quarter of Sunday #39;s 106-104 setback at Miami.
2	NO BUYBACK PLEDGED, CLAIMS ENRON EXEC October 15, 2004 -- Ex-Enron Corp. chief financial officer Andrew Fastow never promised Merrill Lynch a risk-free purchase of three energy-generating barges in a 1999 call about a sale prosecutors claim was a sham, a witness said.
0	Senior Sunni cleric assassinated in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City A senior Sunni cleric was kidnapped and killed in the Shiite slum of Sadr City in Baghdad, said a spokesman for the Committee of the Muslim Scholars on Monday.
0	Mann faces 10 years jail over coup attempt linked to Mark Thatcher Simon Mann, the leader of the failed Equatorial Guinea coup attempt that led to the arrest of Sir Mark Thatcher, was last night facing up to 10 years in jail after being found guilty of attempting to possess dangerous weapons by a court in Zimbabwe.
2	Nokia regains share of global mobile handset market NEW YORK, December 3 (newratings.com) - Nokia Corp (NOK.NYS) continued to regain lost market share in the global handset mobile segment for the second consecutive quarter in 3Q, driven by new models and price cuts, according to a study conducted by the 
2	Omnicare Extends Offer for NeighborCare Omnicare Inc. (OCR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it extended its \$30 a share all cash offer for all the outstanding shares of NeighborCare Inc.
2	Ingram buys Tech Pacific Distribution giant Ingram Micro Inc has acquired Australia #39;s largest IT distributor Tech Pacific in a \$700 million (US\$493 million) cash deal.
0	Israel Hits Hamas Training Camp in Gaza, Killing 14  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks, helicopters and warplanes  pounded a Hamas training camp Tuesday, killing 14 militants in  the deadliest ever strike against the Islamic faction a week  after it carried out a double suicide bombing.
2	GE #39;s settles on Welch perks SEC gives global conglomerate a slap on the wrist for staying mum on CEO #39;s retirement package. WASHINGTON/BOSTON (Reuters) - Industrial giant General Electric got a slap on the wrist from the Securities and 
0	Yudhoyono eyes Jemaah Islamiyah ban JAKARTA - Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has said the government will ban Jemaah Islamiyah, which is believed to have links with international terrorist network al-Qaida, if it does exist, according to a US-based magazine.
0	Nuclear Agency's Action on Iran Falls Short of U.S. Goal The U.S. failed to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency that it should refer Iran's suspect nuclear program to the Security Council.
1	RED BULL PUTS JAG IN F-ONE High-octane energy drink Red Bull thinks it can go faster on the racetrack than Jaguar. The beverage in the tiny can bought Jaguar #39;s celebrated Grad Prix team from Jaguar #39;s 
1	Collins Firmly Strides Into a Starting Role Without Any Misstep Quarterback Kerry Collins, who helped lead the Giants to the Super Bowl four years ago, came off the bench to lead the Oakland Raiders to a victory Sunday.
3	Germ Study Suggests Bloodletting May Work (AP) AP - Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have  #151; for some people.
1	Broncos Face Tough Rematch With Colts (AP) AP - The point spread  #151; "Indianapolis -10"  #151; pretty much says it all.
0	Soldier Sentenced for Iraq Prison Abuse (AP) AP - A U.S. soldier broke down in tears Saturday as he admitted abusing inmates at Abu Ghraib prison, receiving a lighter sentence in return for his testimony against others charged in the scandal.
0	Puerto Rico Stuns Dream Team, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
3	Travel sites agree to changes for the blind Priceline.com and Ramada.com have agreed to make their Web pages easier to navigate for the blind and visually impaired as part of a settlement with New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
1	'Err' Nebraska Loses Southern Miss converted four of the Cornhuskers' five turnovers into points, beating Nebraska 21-17 Saturday to become the first nonconference opponent to win in Lincoln since 1991.
2	UPDATE 5-Ford posts profit, autos disappoint again Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business 
1	New Orleans' Gleason No Saint; Fined by NFL  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - New Orleans' Steve Gleason  was fined \$5,000 by the NFL on Wednesday for punching the  Panthers' Kemp Rasmussen during last Sunday's 32-21 loss to  Carolina.
3	Ireland Cracks Down on Internet Fraud Ireland has become the first country on earth to cut off direct-dialed calls to entire nations in a bid to crack down on Internet-based fraud.
1	Marbury #39;s groove puts Americans on track ATHENS, Greece -- It took one innocent 30-second comment from Stephon Marbury to sum up the American basketball problem and show how easy it would be to fix it.
3	Qwest, DirecTV expand satellite deal The two companies increase an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
0	Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial AMSTERDAM -- The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected collaborators and Serb civilians during the 1998-to-'99 conflict.
1	SPECTOR: Players #39; offer not quite good enough Thursday #39;s collective bargaining meeting between the NHL and NHLPA lasted only four hours, but it #39;s still unknown if anything came out of it to save the 2004-05 season.
0	Minimum Wage to Increase in New York Republicans in the State Senate forced through a measure to gradually raise the minimum wage by \$2 to \$7.15 an hour by January 2007.
1	Utah Enjoys BCS Celebration While It Can Utah Coach Urban Meyer is a man whose brown eyes boil with intensity. He subscribes to the football adage of taking one game at a time as if it were a directive from Scripture.
2	Army to Let Halliburton Keep Iraq Payment (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Army is laying the groundwork\to let Halliburton Co. keep several billion dollars paid for\work in Iraq that Pentagon auditors say is questionable or\unsupported by proper documentation, the Wall Street Journal\reported on Friday.
1	Silverstone gets green light for GP next year The new broom busily at work in Formula One has swept the British Grand Prix back on the calendar. At a meeting in London described as unprecedented by F1 commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone 
0	US urged to negotiate with N. Korea, improve image in Asia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Time is running out for a peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue and the United States must negotiate directly with Pyongyang if it truly wants a solution, Asian experts warned on Monday.
0	The passion of the beatification The 19th century mystic nun who inspired some of the more controversial scenes of Mel Gibson #39;s hit movie, The Passion of the Christ, was beatified on Sunday by Pope John Paul II.
2	Dollar Holds Near Lows (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar stayed in striking distance of\record lows against the euro and a 12-year low versus sterling\on Monday in the wake of disappointing U.S. jobs data.
0	Thai woman #39;s bird flu raises fears virus is passed between humans A THAI woman was yesterday diagnosed with bird flu after her sister and niece died with symptoms of the virus, raising the possibility that the illness had passed from human-to-human for the first time.
1	Wenger on the attack Arsene Wenger today renewed his attack on Real Madrid for the methods they use to sign players. The Arsenal manager sparked a row with the Spanish giants on the day the new 
1	NBA-Raptors Produce Thrilling Comeback Win (Reuters) Reuters - Rafer Alston contributed 20 points, 11\assists and seven rebounds and Lamond Murray scored 13 points\in the fourth quarter as the Toronto Raptors rallied from a\huge deficit to upset the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 Sunday.
2	JPMorgan Fleming Eyes Stake in Highbridge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Fleming Asset   Wealth  Management on Monday said it plans to buy a majority interest  in and enter into a partnership with Highbridge Capital  Management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence  among hedge funds and attract a broader audience of investors  to hedge funds.
2	Retail Sales Jump But Oil Hits Confidence  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A large climb in September U.S.  retail sales and bigger-than-expected gains in underlying  producer prices boosted hopes for stronger growth and bets that  the Federal Reserve will continue to raise interest rates.
3	Talking heads are catching on as Web meetings take off (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Why waste time at the airport and rack up travel expenses when you can hold that business meeting over the Internet?
1	Top-10 Williams sisters controversies After several missed calls by the line judge and chair umpire in Tuesday #39;s Jennifer Capriati-Serena Williams match that went against Williams, ESPN Research has compiled the top-10 controversies involving Serena and Venus Williams.
3	Microsoft details new domain-specific modeling tools Microsoft has announced a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System to support the creation of service-oriented applications for various vertical industries.
3	Here Comes the Sun America #39;s space program owes an unexpected debt to Batman - as well as to Seabiscuit, the Hulk and dozens of other movie projects.
0	Dali-Disney Collaboration Premieres NEW YORK - A narrow waisted, emerald-eyed brunette flits through a desert full of melting clocks and wacky perspectives, looking for her lover. Giant telephones levitate...
2	F.D.A. Defends Its Handling of Vioxx Safety Issues Amid questions about whether the drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, Senator Charles Grassley called for more safety precautions.
3	New technique to enhance semiconductors Conventional silicon based microchips have been known to be problematic at high temperatures, often due to heat generated by the circuit within while operating at high frequencies.
2	NTL sells broadcast business for 1.27bn Cable firm NTL today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its broadcast business for 1.27bn. A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group and other third 
3	Lack of cash killed Beagle 2 If there had been as many people taking care of the Beagle 2 project as there have been reports into why the lander got lost, we #39;d have reams of data on the composition of the Martian soil flooding back from a perfectly functioning vehicle, right now.
3	A web wise terror network Gordon Corera looks at how Osama Bin Laden's terror network has made the most of modern communications.
0	Iran will never conduct nuclear activities in hiding: FM Tehran, Aug 24, IRNA -- The visiting Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi stressed that Iran #39;s nuclear activities will never be conducted in hiding.
1	Super Bowl 39: Patriots -- again It is an accepted axiom in the NFL: Every team has problems. Coaches and team executives commiserate about them like old folks complaining about aches and pains.
3	IBM readies SME tools IBM will announced the pre-release of several tools for SMEs designed to speed development of solutions built on IBM middleware. The tools support the IBM Solutions Builder Express Portfolio, which provides 
1	Wilkinson sidelined for England test series New England captain Jonny Wilkinson looks set to miss his country #39;s autumn games against Canada, South Africa and Australia as a result of his latest injury.
2	Canadian Dollar Gains for Fifth Week in Six on Rate Prospects Canada #39;s dollar gained for the fifth week in six, reaching the highest since January 1992, on speculation the central bank will lift its interest-rate target next month.
0	Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea SEOUL, South Korea - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge mushroom cloud into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.    The Yonhap news agency, citing an unidentified source in Beijing, said the explosion happened Thursday in Yanggang province near the border with China...
2	Congress seeks to end rule that favors banks  WASHINGTON -- Congress is trying to end a practice that unintentionally has allowed banks to take in billions of dollars meant to help students pay for college.
2	Distiller Glenmorangie in takeover talks Scotch malt whisky distiller Glenmorangie GMGa.L is in talks with a number of parties regarding a possible offer for the company, the firm has said, as the news pushed its shares up almost 20 percent.
1	Game at Clemson marred by brawls Clemson #39;s college football game with rival South Carolina was interrupted in the second half when a fight involving several players erupted, spreading nearly the entire length of the field at Clemson #39;s Memorial Stadium and coming close to spilling into 
3	Titanic battle over new DVD format It is being billed as the next VHS versus Betamax, the seminal TV technology culture clash that left millions of pieces of domestic equipment obsolete almost as soon as they had been built.
3	Can EMC Find Growth Beyond Hardware? It has outgrown mere storage. Now it wants to manage every part of the corporate data flow. Has any computer company had a more dramatic reversal of fortune in the past three years than EMC Corp.
2	Visteon shares fall 15 pct after outlook warning Shares of auto parts supplier Visteon Corp. (VC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 15 percent to near a 10-month low on Friday after it warned that production cuts by major customer Ford Motor Co.
1	Charlton Defeats Blackburn 1-0, Moves to Seventh in Premiership Talal El Karkouri scored his first goal in English soccer as Charlton defeated Blackburn 1-0 to rise to seventh in the Premiership standings.
0	Vatican condemns EU  #39;inquisition #39; A senior Vatican cardinal says there is an anti-Catholic  quot;inquisition quot; in Europe, evidenced in the controversy over the remarks of Rocco Buttiglione.
0	High court asked to hear case forcing unfaithful husband to continue support (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A man who the B.C. Court of Appeal found was "carrying on behind his wife's back" and must continue spousal support payments will contest the ruling in the country's highest court because it contravenes the Divorce Act and could have national importance, his lawyer said Monday.
1	The tough life of a professional athlete High school athletes have the concept of team pounded into their heads beginning on the first day of practice. But Orlando Pace, a five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle for the St.
3	AMD #39;s dual-core performance boost SAN JOSE, Calif.--Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday detailed performance results for its forthcoming dual-core Opteron processor, showing a speed boost of 30 percent to 55 percent compared with today #39;s single-core models.
3	Shaded moon will be last eclipse of 2004 A total eclipse of the Moon will occur overnight Wednesday, an event that can turn Earth #39;s satellite to a colourful shade ranging from deep red to dark brown and sometimes an existential grey.
0	No Deal on Ending Baghdad Clashes-Senior Sadr Aide (Reuters) Reuters - The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi\cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been\agreed with Iraq's government to end fighting in Baghdad's\Shi'ite slum district of Sadr City.
2	Falling Dow hits markets SHARES are set for a bumpy ride after Wall Street lost ground on the weekend, derailed by weak US jobs data and a poor prognosis from Intel which sparked worries for the health of the tech sector.
2	OPEC Oil Output Rose 1.2 in August, Survey Shows (Update1) The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries boosted crude-oil production 1.2 percent in August, reaching a 25-year high for a second month in an attempt to pull prices back from records, a Bloomberg survey showed.
2	Microsoft to release communication server REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
2	American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent American Express (AXP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, as cardholder spending and borrowing increased while loan losses fell.
2	China Power Sets IPO Price Range, May Raise \$330 Mln (Update1) China Power International Development Ltd., a unit of China #39;s fifth-biggest electricity generator, plans to raise as much as HK\$2.
1	Souness rues ill-discipline Newcastle boss Graeme Souness admitted his side failed to adapt to Bnei Sakhnin #39;s tactics as they earned a 2-0 first leg victory at St James Park.
0	U.S. Commander in Iraq Faulted Supply Chain --Report  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The former top U.S. commander in  Iraq complained last winter to the Pentagon that a poor supply  situation was threatening the Army's ability to fight, The  Washington Post reported on its Web site on Sunday.
3	Microsoft to Europe: Don't Be Cruel Microsoft isn't quite begging, but the company is hoping a European court will cut it some major slack in its fight against an antitrust ruling, citing concerns that PC users will get the short end of the stick. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	School #39;s 151-win streak ends They did what no high school football team in the last 12 years had been able to do. It was the little-known Bellevue (Wash.) Wolverines that ended the greatest streak in high school sports 
0	Suu Kyi Proves Tricky Topic for Asia-Europe Summit  HANOI (Reuters) - Leaders from Asia and Europe pledged on  Saturday to tackle everything from climate change to terrorism  but dodged calling for the release of Myanmar democracy icon  Aung San Suu Kyi at the end of their two-day summit.
0	U.S. Interfering in Lebanon and Syria, Damascus Says  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Damascus has accused the United States  of interfering in the affairs of Lebanon and Syria, saying  Washington had brought undue pressure to force a U.N.  resolution last week on foreign influence in Lebanon.
0	China #39;s communist party leaders kick off key meet as power &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING: China #39;s ruling party leadership began a much-anticipated meeting in Beijing amid an apparent power struggle at the heart of the organization.
3	Sober worm variant shimmies Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software security updates, and contemplating a plethora of security solutions and methods.
0	EU trio hits Iran with nuclear deadline France, Britain and Germany have told Iran that if they had not reached a final agreement to freeze key parts of its atomic programme by Monday, they would not stop moves to seek sanctions against Tehran.
2	Aetna reportedly reaches deal in investor lawsuit LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Aetna (AET) has reached a tentative accord with investors who accused the company of hiding accounting misstatements when SEC Chairman William Donaldson led the company, an Aetna spokesman was quoted as saying in Thursday #39;s Los Angeles 
3	They Are Sleuths Who Weigh Prose HE firestorm over the memos that figured in the CBS News report on President Bush #39;s National Guard record featured a parade of expert document examiners who weighed in on font types, proportional spacing and superscripts.
0	Myanmar Official: Democracy Plans on Track (AP) AP - Military-ruled Myanmar will stick to its plans for gradual democratization despite the abrupt appointment of a new prime minister believed to hold a hard line in dealing with the country's political reform movement, Foreign Minister Nyan Win said Thursday.
0	Taliban Warns of More Attacks as Kabul Toll Rises  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The Taliban warned Monday of  more deadly attacks in the run-up to Afghanistan's first  presidential election after a car bomb in the heart of the  capital killed at least 12 people and injured dozens more.
1	Swiss Club Signs Halpern Twenty-four days into the NHL lockout, Capitals center Jeff Halern signs with a Swiss League team.
2	ABN Amro Profits Rise in Third Quarter ABN Amro Holding NV, the Netherlands #39; largest bank, said net profits rose 26 percent in the third quarter, benefiting from a one-time gain on the sale of its stake in the Bank of Asia.
2	Watchdog: TSA overpaying Boeing for airport security contract WASHINGTON A report says the Transportation Security Administration paid Boeing too much for a contract to install bomb-detection equipment at airports.
3	Apple plans Toronto retail store Mac maker is taking its retail act north of the border, CNET News.com has learned.\&lt;br /&gt; Photo: iPod's Toronto presence
1	Decision to start El Duque final Win or lose last night, the Yankees were committed to starting Orlando Hernandez in Game 4 tonight.
2	 #39;Do-not-call #39; law is about a year away OTTAWA -- Federal officials hope to introduce new legislation today to establish a do-not-call registry for consumers who want to put an end to telemarketing pitches.
0	Bush Hopes Allawi Can Reassure U.S. Voters WASHINGTON - Iraq's visiting prime minister, Ayad Allawi, says he shares a hopeful view with President Bush that things are getting better in Allawi's tumultuous nation, a conviction the president is putting on full display to persuade doubting U.S. voters...
2	Bank of America bases unit in Hub Bank of America Corp. confirmed yesterday it will locate its wealth management division in Boston and said it will move about 100 high-level jobs here.
2	Yukos lawyers to argue case for US bankruptcy filing WASHINGTON (AFP) - Lawyers for the Russian oil giant Yukos made their first appearance in a US court, as the company made a last-ditch effort to avert a weekend auction of its major asset.
1	FOOTBALL: I THOUGHT A SEMI-FINAL SPOT WAS IN BAG AFTER WE SCORED MARTIN O #39;NEILL reckoned Celtic were set to continue Rangers #39; run of misery in Old Firm showdowns. O #39;Neill was convinced that John Hartson #39;s 66th-minute header might just be enough to clinch a place in the last four of the CIS Cup.
0	Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia began counting the cost  on Saturday at the end of a siege of a school captured by  Chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh  doubts on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.
2	Conferees back bill to resolve trade row A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a trade dispute with Europe won congressional negotiators #39; backing yesterday after House Republicans beat back efforts to increase tobacco regulation.
2	Southeast Asia, China, Japan Work to Boost Trade Southeast Asian economic ministers met on Saturday with counterparts from powerhouses Japan and China, and made progress toward liberalizing trade and boosting business, officials said.
2	Oracle-PeopleSoft a done deal? Investors bet that now that PeopleSoft has fired Conway, the way is paved for a friendly deal. That was how most Wall Street analysts summed up Oracle #39;s chances of finally acquiring rival software maker PeopleSoft 
0	Pakistani forces attack kidnappers  CHAGMALAI, Pakistan -- Pakistani special forces attacked kidnappers holding two Chinese engineers near the Afghan border yesterday, killing all five of the Al Qaeda-linked militants, who were followers of a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner. One of the hostages was killed in the raid, while the other survived.
2	WTO takes up textiles quota issue Following todays seven-hour talks on the elimination of textiles quotas, the World Trade Organization Council on Trade in Goods will reportedly reconvene later this month for formal talks on the impact of quota elimination on Jan.
1	Prez shuts down Giants The Dodgers #39; starter limits San Francisco to three hits as Los Angeles opens a 2 1/2-game lead. By Nick Peters -- Bee Staff Writer.
3	Group urges EPA to cut pollution If the government required deeper cuts in air pollution from power plants, at least 3,000 lives would be saved and 140,000 children would avoid asthma and other respiratory ailments, an environmental group said Tuesday.
2	Live, from outer space: Howard Stern American shock-jock Howard Stern has been in the gunsights of the federal airwaves regulator for months but looks to have found the freedom to say what he wants, the way he wants to say it, by escaping to outer space.
1	Camacho ready to quit as Real coach - reports Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho offered his resignation to club president Florentino Perez on Sunday, Spanish state radio reported.
0	Charest says fiscal imbalance holding back modernization of federal system (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CHARLOTTETOWN (CP) - Quebec Premier Jean Charest says the fiscal imbalance between Ottawa and the provinces is one of the major impediments to a much-needed renewal of Canada's federal system.
0	Searching for peace in Nigeria Rival community leaders meet in central Nigeria, the scene of bitter clashes earlier this year.
3	Partner: The Guide to Cost Effective Business Explore powerful options available to mid-sized companies
2	Cisco Moving To Clarify Linksys Role Cisco Systems #39; \$2 billion push into the SMB space is forcing it to re-evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart Linksys division.
2	Senator reads Air Force-Boeing e-mail exchanges, demands &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., stood on the Senate floor Friday and read e-mail exchanges between Boeing Co., executives and Air Force officials that he said revealed an improper 
2	Wall Street Looks Set for a Mixed Start  PARIS (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set for a mixed start  on Thursday as oil prices remained near two-week highs and  investors braced for a clutch of economic data and earnings  from high-profile firms like Goldman Sachs &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nike  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;.
3	Tough times ahead for semiconductor business SAN FRANCISCO -- The number of companies building and designing microprocessors is likely to shrink by approximately 40 percent over the next 10 years, analysts from Gartner Inc. predicted at the research firm's Semiconductor Industry Summit conference here in San Francisco Tuesday.
1	Moya Tops Gaudio in Rain-Delayed Masters (AP) AP - Carlos Moya had to wait out a rain delay of nearly eight hours before beating Gaston Gaudio 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday night in the second round of the ATP Masters Cup Championships.
2	Seagate Raises Revenue Forecast Seagate Technology (STX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US maker of hard drives used to store data in computers, on Tuesday forecast quarterly revenue above Wall Street estimates on strong demand for storage for larger business 
3	Ancient Elephant Fossil Found in China (AP) AP - Construction crews working at Beijing's main airport unearthed a fossilized thigh bone of an elephant that lived 30,000 years ago, a news report said Thursday.
2	World bank urges poor countries to improve investment climates The World Bank wants the governments of poor countries to do more to improve their investment climates, action it described as central to economic growth and poverty reduction.
0	Court reverses some Falun Gong convictions HONG KONG -- A Hong Kong appeals court cleared some convictions yesterday against 16 Falun Gong followers for protesting outside China's liaison office but upheld more serious verdicts in a case seen as a test of this territory's freedoms under Chinese rule.
3	GAME OFF' URGED (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - An assortment of politicians, religious leaders and social advocacy groups lashed out Tuesday at the video-game industry and retailers, saying they make violent and racy games too accessible to children.
0	Palestinian sources: No change in Arafat #39;s condition A source close to Yasser Arafat denied reports Wednesday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition has deteriorated sharply, but another official acknowledged that his condition remained  quot;difficult.
2	Indian truckers launch strike NEW DELHI: India #39;s largest truckers #39; union began a nationwide strike yesterday, disrupting shipment of goods, to protest a government plan for a service tax on transport booking agents.
3	Scientists to Study N.Y. Organic Farmers (AP) AP - Cornell researchers will watch five upstate New York dairy herds to learn about the problems and challenges of converting from conventional to organic farming.
0	Margaret Hassan Again Pleads for her Life Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan has made another videotape plea for Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. The tape, broadcast on Arab TV network Al-Jazeera, also showed Mrs Hassan 
2	Chinese textile makers concerned at petition against their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chinese textile manufacturers saidThursday they are  quot;highly concerned quot; by a petition posted by United States textile industry to limit Chinese textile products in the US market.
2	Judge tosses 15 of 19 new campaign finance rules WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- A federal judge found Monday that new rules from the Federal Election Commission did not follow the intent of lawmakers who wrote a sweeping new law designed to change the way politicians raise money, creating uncertainty for 
0	Three Car Bombs in Iraq Kill at Least 26  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A series of car bomb blasts tore  through Baghdad and the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday,  killing at least 26 people and wounding more than 100.
3	Cisco revamps Catalyst switch range Cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world #39;s first Gigabit Ethernet (GbE) enabled IP phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its Catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.
0	Annan calls on Myanmar leaders to remain committed to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 19 October 2004 - Concerned by reports of the dismissal and detention of the Prime Minister of Myanmar, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan today called on the country #39;s authorities to remain committed to the process of national reconciliation 
3	Panel: Astronauts Should Rescue Hubble This image taken by NASA #39;s Hubble Space telescope, and released Thursday Aug. 12, 2004, shows nebula N44F, which, at left, is being inflated by a stellar wind, creating an interstellar bubble.
0	After making nuke deal, Iran reportedly wants exception Iran is demanding that it be allowed to make an exception in its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment activities so it can operate about about two dozen centrifuges, diplomats said Wednesday.
0	Taliban threat to kill Briton A HARDLINE faction of the Taliban that claims to be holding Annetta Flanigan, a hostage from Northern Ireland, has threatened to kill her and two other captives if British troops do not pull out of Afghanistan, writes Tom Coghlan in Kabul.
1	Henman Battles Into Basel Quarterfinals  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - British second seed Tim  Henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match  with South Africa's Wesley Moodie to reach the quarterfinals of  the Swiss Indoors tournament Thursday.
2	Yen Flat After 'Tankan' Rally  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen was flat against the dollar on  Friday after a rally on an upbeat reading for the "tankan"  survey of business sentiment petered out in early trade.
3	Theory of Relativity Evidence Found By measuring variations in satellite orbits, scientists have found the first direct evidence of one of the hallowed tenets of Albert Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity -- that the Earth 
2	Italy #39;s Parmalat sues ex-auditors Italian food giant Parmalat is suing its former auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse last December. 
3	Nintendo ahead of the game NINTENDO is gearing up to defend its almost complete share of the hand-held games market with 12 new games to be launched along with its latest, dual-screen handheld console, the DS, on December 2. Nintendo 
0	French Soldier Threatens to Blow Up Explosives  PARIS (Reuters) - About 400 inhabitants of three villages  in France's eastern region of Marne were evacuated on Sunday  after a soldier threatened to blow up a site storing  explosives.
0	First witness for Milosevic due  The first defence witness in the war crimes trial of  Slobodan Milosevic trial is set to take the stand.
0	Singer being moved to French jail French rock star Bertrand Cantat, jailed in Lithuania for killing his lover, is going home to serve his sentence.
2	Netflix ups forecast on price cuts Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. raised its subscriber and revenue forecasts for the fourth quarter, saying a price cut had helped draw new customers.
1	NHL finds hope After three months of darkness and silence, there seems to be a glimmer of hope for the NHL. In a meeting Thursday at the league #39;s Toronto offices, the players #39; union presented an in-depth proposal 
1	Steelers #39; defense, Bettis key win over Redskins When your defense holds an opponent to 207 yards of offense and allows only one touchdown, you should win a lot of football games.
0	UN Calls on Iran to Freeze Nuke Enrichment Plans  VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog called on Iran  on Saturday to immediately halt activities related to uranium  enrichment, a process that can be used to make atomic weapons.
1	Missing sample could save showjumper #39;s Olympic gold Cian O #39;Connor, the Irish showjumper whose Olympics-winning horse tested positive for a banned substance, could now hold on to his gold medal following the sensational news that a portion of the horse #39;s sample has been stolen.
2	PeopleSoft chief fired for remark to analysts WILMINGTON, Delaware A director of PeopleSoft said that Craig Conway, the company #39;s chief executive, was fired on Friday in part because he made false statements at an analysts #39; conference in September 2003.
3	Branson aiming to build hotel in space SIR Richard Branson has said one of the next projects he wants to undertake is building a Virgin hotel in space. The multi-millionaire entrepreneur is working on plans for Virgin Galactic Airways and has designers 
1	Houston Astros Hold on to NL Wild Card Lead  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The streaking Houston Astros used seven  pitchers and a Jeff Bagwell home run to beat the Colorado  Rockies 4-2 Friday to hold on to their lead in the National  League wild card race.
3	Vole gets Blu-Ray SOFTWARE LEVIATHAN Microsoft has been given the blessing by Blu-Ray for its video compression standard for new high-definition discs.
2	Update 3: Oil Prices Rise As Nigeria Strike Starts Oil futures prices rose slightly Monday despite assurances from Middle East countries that they were committed to keeping the market well supplied as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude.
0	Russia school siege:  #39;26 freed #39; More than two dozen women and children have been released from the school in southern Russia where armed militants were holding more than 300 hostages for a second day, a regional government official said.
1	Badgers win opener but may have lost Davis MADISON, Wis. -- John Stocco threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score in his first start for No. 21 Wisconsin, which routed Central Florida, 34-6, yesterday.
2	Tokyo stocks open slightly lower TOKYO - Stocks opened slightly lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as declines in US technology shares last Friday prompted selling.
1	Leslie wins second MVP award Lisa Leslie was selected the WNBA #39;s Most Valuable Player for the second time in her career. The Los Angeles Sparks center, the league #39;s MVP in 2001, received 425 points and 33 of a possible 48 first-place votes from a national media panel Friday.
0	Arafat #39;s Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse Yasir Arafat #39;s uncertain health took a sharp turn for the worse on Wednesday night with an ambulance and medical teams summoned to his West Bank compound amid unconfirmed 
1	Ga. Tech #39;s defense buzzing again after wins To hear Georgia Tech defense end Eric Henderson, it was just a matter of time before the Yellow Jackets defense became as stingy as it has been the last two games.
0	Dems Say More Funding Needed for Veterans (AP) AP - Democrats and Republicans in Congress must set aside partisan differences to adequately fund health care services for active U.S. troops and military veterans, Rep. Chet Edwards of Texas said Saturday in the weekly Democratic radio address.
2	Morningstar fund data probed by SEC Morningstar, the research firm that tracks more than 16,000 mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1	Mariners Notebook: Call-ups wowed by Safeco When Greg Dobbs and Jeremy Reed were called into Tacoma manager Dan Rohn #39;s office on Sunday afternoon, they knew why. So did Mickey Lopez.
1	Moyes signs new deal Everton manager David Moyes has signed a new contract which will keep him at the club until 2009. The 41-year-old Scot has steered the Toffees to third place in the Barclays Premiership table despite last 
3	Detroit zoo considers options for two elderly elephants ROYAL OAK, Mich. The Detroit Zoo is considering what to do with two elderly elephants after its efforts to move the elephants to a sanctuary were rebuffed.
0	Former Fox Studios Owner Marvin Davis Dies LOS ANGELES - Billionaire Marvin Davis, a former oilman who sold his 20th Century Fox studios to Rupert Murdoch in the 1980s, died Saturday at his home in Beverly Hills. He was 79...
0	Cuban Dance Troupe Seeks Asylum in U.S.  HAVANA (Reuters) - A Cuban troupe of 44 dancers, singers  and musicians appearing in Las Vegas will seek asylum in the  United States, the show's creator said on Monday, in one of the  largest mass defections by Cubans performing abroad.
3	E-Voting States Brace For Problems Nearly 30 percent of U.S. voters will cast their 2004 ballots electronically.
2	Lehman agrees to pay \$222.5m to settle Enron suit SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Lehman Brothers agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle an Enron securities class action suit, the University of California said Friday.
2	Oil Drops Another 5 Pct to 12-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices crumbled another 5 percent to  a 12-week low just above \$43 a barrel on Thursday, suffering  the biggest two-day slide since the Gulf War after a rise in  U.S. heating oil stocks triggered furious selling.
0	3 Lebanese murdered in Baghdad heist BEIRUT: Three Lebanese citizens were murdered early Friday morning, and a fourth critically injured, in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad.
2	China #39;s interest rate hike necessary, but not sufficient An economist with Asian Development Bank said Friday that China #39;s decision to raise interest rates is necessary, but not enough to curb inflation.
3	Nokia unveils first NFC phone Mobile phone giant Nokia has unveiled its first product to incorporate the NFC (Near Field Communication) shell. Backed by Nokia, Philips and Sony, NFC is a new wireless communications function which is hoped 
0	Bush's lead gets smaller in poll (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - President Bush leads Sen. John Kerry by 8 percentage points among likely voters, the latest USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows. That is a smaller advantage than the president held in mid-September but shows him maintaining a durable edge in a race that was essentially tied for months.
2	Why the Fed acts as it does The national and state economies continue to expand, giving the Federal Reserve room for further interest rate increases, said Mike Helmar, who follows North Carolina for Economy.
2	INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s Cochlear To Ramp Up Output SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian ear implant maker Cochlear Ltd. (COH.AU) said Monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following 
1	Giants wave bye to winning streak New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin stressed how important preparation is during a bye week. Well, it would seem that after this Sunday #39;s 28-13 home 
2	30-, 15-Yr Mortgages Lowest Since April  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30- and  15-year mortgages fell this week to their lowest levels since  early April as the housing market showed little sign of slowing  despite the Federal Reserve's move to raise interest rates,  mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
1	Kahn rejects blame for loss despite late blunder Bayern Munich goalkeeper Oliver Kahn rejected the blame, despite his last-minute blunder, for his team #39;s 1-0 loss against Juventus in the Champions League on Wednesday.
1	Lakers makes selves at home The fact that Tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in Staples Center may have been lost on the Laker coach.
3	AOL 9.0 is Security Minded American Online (AOL) is releasing a new, more secure browser. Included in the package are a firewall, antivirus and a popup blocker all courtesy of McAfee - also included are dozens of other small utilities designed to keep users safe.
3	High Court Petitioned on Cable Net Access Rule (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Bush administration has asked the Supreme Court to overturn a decision that requires cable companies to open their high-speed Internet networks to rival online providers.
1	MUTU BACK IN LONDON The Mail on Sunday reported that the Chelsea striker had tested positive for a banned substance after a test conducted by UK Sport.
2	USA: Abbott Laboratories to acquire EAS US pharmaceuticals company Abbott Laboratories has announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire US nutrition company EAS.
1	Brees, big-play Chargers too much for Chiefs Strip away the great plays and the wild action and San Diego #39;s 34-31 victory over Kansas City is reduced to a simple fact: big plays.
0	Malaysian leaders vow war against traitorous #39; Anwar Malaysian leaders vowed to wage political war against former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim, calling him a  quot;traitor quot; at the annual ruling party congress yesterday and saying there would be no room for him to mount a comeback.
1	Lucier #39;s in for O #39;Hara Giants center Shaun O #39;Hara remained hospitalized Friday afternoon with an infection in his left leg, making his chances of playing Sunday against the Vikings remote.
2	UPDATE 5-Lehman in talks to buy UK hedge fund-source US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in talks to buy leading British hedge fund 
2	ITV says advertising picking up ITV has reported a sharp increase in half-year profits and says advertising revenue growth is accelerating. The firm, which controls more than half 
3	Study Shows Antioxidants Not Useful Vs. Cancer By EMMA ROSS    LONDON (AP) -- In another blow to the belief that antioxidant supplements improve health, an authoritative analysis has concluded there is no evidence the vitamins ward off common digestive cancers.    Some experts say, however, that the findings do not mean the cancer-fighting potential of antioxidant pills should be written off just yet...
0	Darfur Talks Stall Over Disarmament African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have stalled over the crucial issue of disarmament.
3	Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search\\Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismio's breakthrough clustering technology. Instead of simply presenting long lists of results, Clusty.com groups search results into folder topics, giving users a quick overview of the main themes in ...
2	Item No 17: Mukesh got authority over all directors MUMBAI: The redrawing of lines of authority in Reliance seems to have sparked off the current discord between the two Ambani brothers.
2	August Unemployment Dips to 5.4 Percent WASHINGTON - The US job market brightened in August as employers added 144,000 workers to their payrolls and hiring totals for the two prior months were revised up, the Labor Department (search) reported on Friday.
1	Sutton Cares About Winning, Not Appearances Hal Sutton has added spice to the 35th Ryder Cup by daring to be different. The leadership style of Sutton, the American captain, has been a focal point 
3	Watch out Outlook, here comes Thunderbird THE Open Source Mozilla Project is on a roll and attracting favourable attention and interest right now. Its Firefox 1.0 browser, officially launched last month, has created enough buzz judging from the number of downloads to date.
2	Holiday traveler outlook: no gifts MANATEE - Expect airports and roads to be even more crowded than usual this holiday season. That #39;s the word from AAA, which predicted Wednesday that a record number of Americans and Floridians will travel during the Christmas and New Year #39;s holidays.
1	Yankees manager Torre suspended for one game, fined New York Yankees manager Joe Torre was suspended for one game and fined by major league baseball Saturday because one of his pitchers threw at a batter after umpire warnings during a game against the Boston Red Sox.
3	Webcam worm watches from afar A new version of an old computer worm has a nasty twist, anti-virus firm Sophos warned on Monday. The Rbot-GR worm can use webcams attached to infected computers to spy on users.
3	Push to win over net 'refuseniks' Business and charities in the UK have joined forces to persuade more people to go online.
0	Munch's 'Scream' Is Stolen From a Crowded Museum in Oslo Edvard Munch's masterpiece, "The Scream," and another painting were grabbed off the wall of a crowded museum by armed robbers.
1	Yanks Show Visitors No Shelter The Yankees finally played ball last night, taking advantage of an opponent that looked as if it had spent the whole day sitting in ballparks, on buses and in an airplane.
3	BSE cattle ban to be phased out Plans to phase out the ban on cattle over 30 months old being sold as meat are announced.
0	France won't release Arafat's medical records PARIS -- France has no intention of making Yasser Arafat's medical records public and will leave the decision about what to do with them up to his family, the foreign minister said yesterday.
2	Abercrombie Earnings Cut by Settlements Abercrombie  amp; Fitch Co. reported a 20 percent drop in third-quarter earnings Tuesday, citing a nearly \$33 million one-time charge to settle three class-action lawsuits related to work force diversity.
2	Internet ad tevenues jump AMERICAN INTERNET advertising revenues have increased by more than 40 per cent in the first six months of this year. According to bean counters Price Waterhouse Coopers, US revenues for the first six months 
0	Annan Vows to Protect U.N. Staff from Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called\at an emotional tribute on Thursday for the prosecution of\those behind the "cold-blooded murder" of 22 people at the\United Nations office in Baghdad one year ago.
1	AL Wrap: Damon Lifts Red Sox Nearer to Yankees Johnny Damon drove in the winning run with a bloop single in the top of the ninth inning as the Boston Red Sox rallied to edge the New York Yankees 3-2 in an American League East showdown at Yankee Stadium on Friday.
0	Court to sentence  #39;mercenaries #39; A court in Zimbabwe is expected to pass sentence on some 70 alleged mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the West African state of Equatorial Guinea.
3	Sybase looks ahead to RFID The database and mobile software company is set to reveal details on updates to its flagship products and outline RFID plans.
3	IBM Adds Biometrics to ThinkPads IBM is releasing a new line of ThinkPads that will include embedded fingerprint readers to amp up security. The new reader will be on a wrist rest below the arrow keys on select models of the T42.
0	US, Iraqi Forces Seal Off Insurgent Stronghold Baghdad, Iraq -- Pro-government forces in Iraq are trying to retake control of insurgent-dominated regions ahead of January national elections.
3	Mutating Bots May Save Lives Several research teams are developing robots made of smart building blocks that can morph into different forms to perform a broad variety of tasks. The bots are to be used in space missions and in search-and-rescue efforts. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
2	Alcoa shares plunge on profit warning NEW YORK - Alcoa (AA) shares plunged more than 5 in early Friday trading after the world #39;s largest aluminum producer warned that third-quarter results would fall far short of Wall Street expectations, hurt by plant shutdowns, restructuring costs and 
1	Salary 20,421 pa Location London Company Epping Forest District &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The takeover battle for Manchester United Football Club (MUFC) is far from over, as Malcolm Glazer has again increased his share in the worlds richest football club.
0	Communism, capitalism forge throngs in Bucharest BUCHAREST, Romania -- No parking spaces. Crippling traffic jams. Sky-high rents. Is this London, Rome, or Athens? No, it's Bucharest, where communism and capitalism have conspired to make it Europe's most crowded capital.
2	In Japan, recovery is stalling TOKYO Japan #39;s once-robust recovery slowed to a near standstill in the third quarter as consumer spending weakened more than expected, according to revised growth figures released on Wednesday.
0	Japan's SMFG Bids  #36;29 Billion for UFJ (Reuters) Reuters - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.\(8316.T) laid out a  #36;29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings (8307.T)\on Tuesday, challenging a rival offer by Mitsubishi Tokyo\Financial Group (8306.T) to form the world's biggest bank.
0	Jacques Derrida, Abstruse Theorist, Dies at 74 Jacques Derrida was the Algerian-born, French intellectual who became one of the most celebrated and unfathomable philosophers of the late 20th century.
0	Ten dead in bomb blast TEN people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said today.
0	Unions in Nigeria Call for an Oil Strike Unions declared the top multinational oil company here, the Royal Dutch/Shell Group,  quot;an enemy of the Nigerian people quot; on Sunday and called for a Nov.
1	Raul heralded for return to form Real Madrid #39;s Raul Gonzalez won plaudits for his inspirational display against AS Roma which secured the team #39;s first victory of its Champions League campaign and ended a barren patch for the star striker.
3	Patent Office rejects Microsoft FAT patent The US Patent Office has made a preliminary ruling that a patent held by Microsoft for the FAT file system is invalid, after lobby group the Public Patent Foundation put forward evidence showing that the technology already existed in the public domain.
3	Space stationsa mess until shuttle resumes So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as 
3	WinFS Removal Opens Window of Opportunity Microsoft #39;s decision to axe WinFS from Longhorn provides the company with an opportunity to expand the technology to work with multiple systems.
1	Agassi brushes Bjorkman aside in Stockholm Andre Agassi brushed past Jonas Bjorkman 6-3 6-4 at the Stockholm Open on Thursday to set up a quarter-final meeting with Spanish sixth seed Fernando Verdasco.
2	A tax shelter factory bared in KPMG memos KPMG, the accounting firm under scrutiny for promoting tax shelters that were found to be abusive, discussed selling a new shelter highly similar to a banned version more than two years after the US Internal Revenue Service outlawed the original one and 
3	Australia's Frisky Koalas to Get Hormone Implants (Reuters) Reuters - Lusty Koalas in southern Australia\are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too\quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest\home.
1	Yorke: two due in court on race charges Two men are due in court over alleged racist abuse aimed at footballer Dwight Yorke. The Birmingham City striker made a complaint after a game against Blackburn Rovers on Sunday.
0	Pacific Rim leaders vow antiterror efforts SANTIAGO, Chile -- Pacific Rim leaders pledged yesterday to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's negotiations on lowering global trade barriers.
1	McNair Finished for Season (Reuters) Reuters - Tennessee Titans\quarterback Steve McNair will not play again this season\because of a bruised sternum that has bothered him throughout\the year. He is expected to undergo surgery.
2	Stent firm still target of federal inquiry  Boston Scientific Corp. said two senior officials won't face charges as part of an ongoing Justice Department inquiry into the company's handling of the recall of a cardiac stent system in 1998.
1	Seahawks' Wistrom Suffers Broken Knee  KIRKLAND, Wash. (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  defensive end Grant Wistrom will miss the next four-to-six  weeks due a fracture in his left knee.
1	Report: Yankees to sign Johnson The Red Sox were already braced for the likelihood that Randy Johnson would wind up in pinstripes, a coup the Yankees were on the verge of pulling off last night in a three-team deal with the Diamondbacks and Dodgers, according to a report in Newsday.
2	Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image by Supporting Public Broadcasting Wal-Mart, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.
3	Oracle moves to quarterly patch release schedule NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Oracle Corp. today announced that it is moving to a quarterly patch release schedule in response to user demands for a more predictable process for applying needed security fixes to the company #39;s software.
2	Perrigo to Buy Agis, a Maker of Generic Prescription Drugs The Perrigo Company, the world #39;s largest maker of store-branded over-the-counter drugs, plans to announce today that it has reached an agreement to buy Agis Industries, a developer and 
3	Governor wants to ban sale of explicit video games to minors Gov. Rod Blagojevich plans to propose a ban Thursday on the sale of violent and sexually explicit video games to minors, something other states have tried with little success.
2	Southwest Makes Midway Top Priority Southwest Airlines says boosting its presence at Chicago #39;s Midway airport has just become its top priority, USA Today said Friday.
0	Norwegian police hunt for motive, robbers in Munch art theft (AFP) AFP - Norwegian police hunting for two world-famous paintings by artist Edvard Munch, stolen at the weekend in the country's first-ever armed museum robbery, said they had no clue what the thieves were going to do with their priceless bounty.
0	Pipeline Explodes in Iraq's South Rumaila Field  BASRA, Iraq (Reuters) - A pipeline exploded in Iraq's south  Rumaila oil field on Sunday, days after several pipelines in  the same area were sabotaged, a Reuters witness said.
1	Prosecutor Not Rushing Into Charging Pacers The Oakland County prosecutor, David Gorcyca, said Tuesday that no charges were imminent for Indiana players involved in the Nov. 19 brawl with Detroit Pistons fans.
3	Hollywood's One Strike Policy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Say what you want about the recording industry's take-no-prisoners approach to combating online piracy.  At least when the music czars go after someone, they target persons suspected of trading hundreds or thousands of copyrighted songs over the Internet.
1	Bears #39; Tucker done for the season LAKE FOREST, Illinois (Ticker) - Coming off their worst offensive performance of the season, the Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a strained hamstring.
3	IBM Builds Worlds Fastest Computer A partially assembled prototype of a new IBM supercomputer set a record of 70.72 trillion transactions per second earlier this week.
0	Iran Says Its Missiles Can Now Reach 1,250 Miles  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has increased the range of its  missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying  on Tuesday.
2	Glaxo Settles Suit Over Paxil Studies GlaxoSmithKline Plc (GSK.L: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to disclose information on all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information about the antidepressant Paxil, the 
2	IBM settles pension suit, take charge International Business Machines (IBM) has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said Wednesday.
3	Robust Tech Earnings Can #39;t Shake Tough Outlook A slew of third-quarter earnings reports dominated technology and telecommunications stocks last week. Much of the news was positive, with key players posting impressive earnings growth, but the December quarter outlook remained unclear for some.
3	Three Big Music Labels Sign Up for Peer Impact (Reuters) Reuters - Three of the Big Four music labels\have reached licensing agreements to provide their music to the\soon-to-launch Peer Impact network, a peer-to-peer service that\enables legal music file-sharing.
0	Fighting breaks out in Gaza strip Palestinian gunmen have confronted a column of Israeli armoured vehicles in the Gaza Strip, sparking a fierce firefight which has left at least one dead and five wounded.
3	Microsoft delays automatic XP SP2 delivery SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft Corp. has pushed back automatic distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to allow business users more time to instruct their machines to skip the update.
1	Talladega Superspeedway plays major roll in NASCAR history The nations largest superspeedway at 2.66 miles is the home of the first superspeedway event and first restrictor plate race in NASCARs bold, but controversial, Nextel Cup Chase for the Championship.
3	Microsoft Enters Desktop Search Fray Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials announced the release of its own desktop search application Monday, hoping to make up Google ground established two months ago.
1	McNulty Runs Away With SBC Championship (AP) AP - Mark McNulty shot a 6-under 65 Sunday to win the SBC Championship by eight strokes over Gary McCord, the largest margin of victory in a 54-hole Champions Tour event this season.
0	Chile Group Plans Bush Welcome with War Crime Suit  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chileans opposed to the Iraq  war have accused President Bush of war crimes in a criminal  complaint lodged on Tuesday, less than a month before he is  scheduled to visit the country.
2	Dow gets Merck #39;d NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Merck #39;s withdrawal of its arthritis treatment sent the stock tumbling more than 25 percent and pushed the Dow into deeply negative territory at the open Thursday.
3	Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO (Reuters) Reuters - A federal judge on Wednesday\handed online search engine Google Inc.  a victory in a\trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling that when\users searched for insurer GEICO, Google could display rivals\as well.
1	UPDATE 3-Kumble fells Australia, Warne equals record Leg spinner Anil Kumble captured seven wickets for 48 runs as Australia were dismissed for 235 on the first day of the second test on Thursday.
3	Quake Hits California 11 Years Late More than 11 years after scientists predicted it would occur, a strong earthquake rocked the central California town of Parkfield on Tuesday morning.
1	Seahawks RB Alexander Listed as Questionable  KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  running back Shaun Alexander was listed as questionable  Wednesday after missing practice due to a bruised right knee.
0	Slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh:  #39;a champion of free speech #39; AMSTERDAM, Nov 2 (AFP) - Theo van Gogh, the maverick Dutch film maker killed in the street here on Tuesday, was a controversial figure who seemed to delight in provocation and had a penchant for portraying difficult subjects on screen.
0	Judge Raps US over Abuse Probe Delays A military judge hearing pre-trial evidence in the alleged abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison pressed the US government today to speed up its investigations, warning that delays could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers.
2	Jobless Claims Dip, Productivity Growth Slows Fewer Americans filed jobless claims last week and growth in worker productivity slowed sharply in the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting that 
0	Spanish press fury over Eta bombs Spanish papers express their anger and contempt for the Basque separatist group Eta, which detonated several bombs across Spain on Monday.
0	N-capable Ghaznavi missile test-fired ISLAMABAD: Pakistan early Monday test-fired its indigenously developed short-range nuclear-capable Ghaznavi missile, the Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said in a statement.
0	Locke May Stay Longer As Wash. Governor (AP) AP - Lame-duck Gov. Gary Locke may not be limping off into the sunset. If the slugfest between Republican Dino Rossi and Democrat Christine Gregoire doesn't produce a new governor by the scheduled Jan. 12 inauguration, Locke may have to stick around.
2	A Small Cap for Any Market The market may be stuck in neutral, but your portfolio doesn't have to be.
3	Cisco \$12M Tokyo research center The Tokyo facility will open in February, 2005, representing an initial \$12 million investment over the next five years to study Internet Protocol-based networking technologies, including routers and Cisco IOS and IOS XR software, says the company.
2	Kodak to Close Australia Plant, Cut Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest maker of photographic film, will close a Coburg,  Australia, plant that makes color photographic paper at the end  of November, cutting about 600 jobs and causing a \$105 million  charge.
0	At Least 78 Die After Riot in Thailand A Thai-Muslim woman bursts into tears after learning from the list that her family member is listed dead outside a military camp in Pattani province, southern Thailand Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
0	Bush Criticizes Kerry on Health Care DOWNINGTOWN, Pa. (AP) -- President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.
2	IBM #39;s 3rd-Quarter Profit Beats Analysts #39; Predictions I.BM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
0	Russia Urged to Combat Hazing in Army (AP) AP - Human Rights Watch urged Russian authorities on Wednesday to take action against the vicious hazing that plagues the nation's military, saying the abuse that kills dozens of conscripts every year and traumatizes thousands more can be prevented.
0	John Howard congratulates George Bush from Kirribilli house TONY EASTLEY: The Prime Minister, John Howard, spoke to George W. Bush this morning from Kirribilli House in Sydney. The Prime Minister congratulated Mr Bush on his election win.
2	US Still Wants Aircraft Deal with EU  quot;Our goal remains a new agreement benefitial to both sides, quot; says a senior official from Trade Representative Robert Zoellick #39;s office -- dismissing suggestions that the US action against the 
2	Thousands rally against James Hardie THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
3	Microsoft wraps up MOM 2005 management tool Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said it has finished work on Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005, a major update to its MOM 2000 performance management software.
0	Cuban Tobacco Farmer Hopes Ivan Turns West (AP) AP - Cuba's top tobacco farmer predicted Monday that Hurricane Ivan's sudden turn to the west would ensure the storm causes only minimal damage to the island's key tobacco growing region.
0	Belarusian opposition reports vote breaches Opposition leaders accused the government of arresting exit-poll takers and turning away election observers during a referendum yesterday on whether to allow authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko to run for a third term.
3	Whole Foods Creates New Gluten-Free Product Line By MARGARET LILLARD     MORRISVILLE, N.C. (AP) -- The scents of molasses, sugar and ginger hang in the air like an invitation to sin as Lee Tobin shows off his new bakery...
2	SEC Examining GM, Ford Pension Costs General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked them to provide information on their pension and retiree health care plans as part of an inquiry into how companies prepare estimates used to calculate pension costs.
2	US Airways Permitted to Cut Workers Pay by 21 Percent A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority today to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
2	IMF: China hesitant to float yuan The International Monetary Fund said Friday China remains reluctant to float its currency. In its discussions with Chinese authorities about the country #39;s economy, the IMF said 
1	Yankees close with Wright, Womack Despite a published report to the contrary, the Yankees have not come to terms with Jaret Wright as of Tuesday night, but the Bronx Bombers did move quickly to replace 
0	Bali tourism still going strong The bombing outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta appears not to have harmed Australia #39;s renewed love affair with Bali. Travel wholesalers have reported that since the first anniversary of the Bali bombing 
0	Afghan kidnappers offers to negotiate with UN Kabul (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Afghan militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages yesterday offered to negotiate with a United Nations envoy, but warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed.
3	Study: Smuggling of Tiger Skins Rife and Growing (Reuters) Reuters - The illicit trade in tiger and leopard\skins has reached alarming proportions, posing a serious threat\to the survival of the big cats, a conservation group said\Wednesday.
0	Paris Club Agrees on Iraq Debt Reduction (AP) AP - A French Finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached deal Sunday to write off 80 percent of the debts Iraq owes them.
3	What Will Stripped-Down Longhorn Offer? It may be missing a few features, but the OS will be worth the upgrade, Microsoft says.
3	Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet #39;s popularity.
0	Iraq and US hail debt forgiveness deal Iraq and the United States hailed as  quot;historic quot; an agreement by a group of creditor nations to write off billions of dollars of debt inherited from the former regime of Saddam Hussein.
0	France Not Immune to Radical Islam Threats (AP) AP - France is seen by many Americans as a reluctant ally, at best, in President Bush's war on terror. But a new hostage crisis has made clear that the Gallic nation, with western Europe's largest Muslim population, is not immune to threats from radical Islam.
3	'Original' great ape discovered The remains of a primate that could be the ancestor of humans and all the great apes is discovered.
2	Oil Slumps Below \$41, Dealers Shrug OPEC Cut Oil prices settled under \$41 for the first time since July Friday as dealers took profits on a widely expected move by the OPEC cartel to curb production in excess of its official output ceiling.
1	Montoya wins F1 finale in Brazil Sao Paulo, Brazil (Sports Network) - Williams/BMW driver Juan Montoya captured the final event of the 2004 Formula One season - the Grand Prix of Brazil.
3	Mexican Officials Promote 'Silicon Border' As soon as next year, Mexico plans to break ground on a 15-square-mile science park in Mexicali just south of the U.S. border, Mexican officials said.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
3	Hollywood sues 200 US internet thieves Top Hollywood studios have launched a wave of court cases against internet users who illegally download film files. The Motion Picture Association of America, which acts as the representative of major film 
3	iMac, iPod, iConquered The iPod digital music player is flying off store shelves faster than ever, prompting the media to conclude that Apple is no longer just a quirky little computer maker from Silicon Valley. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	2010 the next Indian odyssey Shane Warne will be on Channel Nine #39;s commentary team, Matthew Hayden will have the  #39;gone fishing #39; sign on his door and Adam Gilchrist will probably still be recovering from this trip by the time Australia #39;s next cricket tour to India comes around.
0	More US Soldiers Die in Iraq Blasts BAGHDAD, 14 October 2004 - Six American soldiers were killed in roadside bombings, the US command said yesterday, as US and Iraqi troops stepped up pressure on insurgents before this weeks start of the holy month of Ramadan.
1	 #39;Fab Five #39; search for gold in US women #39;s soccer Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Mia Hamm, Kristine Lilly, Joy Fawcett, Brandi Chastain and Julie Foudy all played together in the groundbreaking 1991 women #39;s World Cup.
1	New England Patriots Win 18th Straight (AP) AP - Five NFL teams haven't lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven't lost in more than a year.
1	No deficit is too large for Nelson Larry Nelson needed a huge comeback, and an extra hole, to win his second Champions Tour event of the year. Nelson rallied from seven strokes off the lead and made a 5-foot 
3	A glimpse of the business week ahead Heads up: From the summer doldrums to the September doldrums. Don #39;t get your hopes up that the stock market will spike up until oil prices come back down and the presidential election is decided, the Stock Trader #39;s Almanac advises.
3	Microsoft to step up SP2 downloads Microsoft will accelerate SP2 distribution  to meet goal of 100 million downloads in two months.
1	Packers face Rams in Monday nighter GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Brett Favre will be hoping his 200th consecutive start turns out better than his last two have against the St.
0	Middle East ; Israeli airstrike wounds three Palestinians in Gaza Middle East News, Three Palestinian fighters were injured in an Israeli missile strike on their car in the southern Gaza Strip, witnesses and medics said on Thursday.
2	New Airbus craft to heat up rivalry The announcement of its new mid-sized plane will heat up rivalry between Airbus and Boeing. The board of EADS, parent company of Airbus, is on Monday expected to approve plans for the long-awaited, \$4bn-launch of a new mid-sized aircraft, the A350.
0	Annan Repeats Misgivings About Legality of Iraq War Secretary General Kofi Annan opened the annual United Nations debate of world leaders today with a plea for greater observance of international law and a reminder 
0	Three headless corpses found north of Baghdad The decapitated bodies of three men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in nylon bags by a roadside north of Baghdad on Wednesday, Iraqi police and US officials said.
1	Vick pass to Crumpler for 49-yard TD lifts Falcons past Buccaneers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chris Draft scooped up the ball, fell down, got back up and didn #39;t stop running until he reached the end zone with teammate DeAngelo Hall draped over his back.
1	IOC warns against venue delays Beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 Olympics, a top official from the International Olympic Committee said in the capital yesterday.
2	Car makers ready to return to work PRODUCTION is set to resume at Ellesmere Port #39;s Vauxhall plant after striking German workers returned to work. Production of the new Astra came to a standstill yesterday due 
2	EU Plans to Help Iraq Hold Elections, Train Police The European Union discussed proposals on Friday to help stabilize Iraq and organize elections there despite lingering differences among member states over the US-led war that ousted Saddam Hussein.
0	Arafat #39;s passing could remove roadblock to US peace efforts The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.
1	Former NBA Star Calvin Murphy Acquitted of Sexual Abuse Former basketball star Calvin Murphy was acquitted on Monday by a Houston jury of sexually abusing five of his daughters. Murphy, 56, had denied the charges that he had abused the five 
2	Bonus bonanza for Shell bosses SHELL #39;S new chief executive Jeroen van der Veer is to be handed a beefed-up pay package as part of the planned merger of the firm #39;s Dutch and British arms.
3	Yahoo search goes mobile Yahoo Inc. for the first time is letting mobile phone users query its search engine, giving them access to conventional Web results, local business listings and related information, as well as images, such as pictures and maps, the company said Wednesday.
0	Aung San Suu Kyi still under house arrest The Myanmar government has extended for a third time the house arrest of Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, the BBC said Monday. U Lwin, a spokesman for Aung #39;s National League 
0	Germany Rejects Speculation That Iraq Policy May Change German officials today reaffirmed their policy of not contributing troops to the American-led coalition in Iraq and rejected speculation, prompted by a remark by the 
0	BJP flays Musharraf #39;s comment on bilateralism New Delhi, Sept. 23 (PTI): The BJP today appreciated Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s emphasis on resolving all issues with India peacefully but objected to his contention that bilateralism was being given the last chance.
3	Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Wireless services will\lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture\capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets\again, industry leaders said Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
2	U.S. Services Sector Slips, Jobs Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in September, but mixed data on employment on  Tuesday focused economists' attention on upcoming payrolls data  to get a clearer sign about the outlook.
3	Your PC may be less secure than you think A survey conducted by internet service provider AOL found that 20 percent of home computers were infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such 
0	Brother sees 'glimmer of hope' for Briton held in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The brother of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said there was a  quot;glimmer of hope quot; after the Iraqi justice ministry pledged to release a female Iraqi scientist, one of two women whose freedom had been demanded by the kidnappers.
1	Noguchi Reduces Radcliffe to Tears, Kastor Wins Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's diminutive Mizuki Noguchi put on  an extraordinary display of front-running to win the Olympic  women's marathon title on Sunday as Paula Radcliffe's challenge  ended in bitter tears.
1	Schilling wants to quiet Yankee Stadium crowd (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox acquired pitcher Curt Schilling in the offseason so they would be able to experience the jubilation of finally winning a World Series for the first time since 1918.
2	Westfield, Multiplex target Duelguide The Westfield Group, Multiplex group and Aldersgate Investments Ltd have entered an agreement to pursue a joint cash offer for Duelguide plc, the company which owns UK developer Chelsfield plc.
1	New BALCO hit: Collins banned 8 years COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Sprinter Michelle Collins was suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal and will forfeit results that include 2003 indoor world and US titles in the 200 meters.
0	Nuclear demand for Iran EUROPE #39;S three main powers have given Iran a final chance to reassure the world it is not developing atomic weapons or it will face sanctions.
0	Border police killed in Jerusalem attack A female Palestinian bomber blew herself up near an Israeli military hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 15.
3	City man charged with selling Microsoft source code His online profile lists William P. Genovese #39;s profession as  quot;hacking bum quot; and  quot;getting arrested quot; among his likes.
2	Finding what works for handling piggy bank (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Personal finance software programs are the computer industry's version of veggies: Everyone knows they're good for you, but it's just hard to get anyone excited about them.
0	House Democrats to Focus on Debt Ceiling (AP) AP - House Democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said Tuesday they want to hold Republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the  #36;7.4 trillion debt ceiling.
2	Update 2: Top Citigroup Executives Swap Jobs In a move Citigroup Inc. said was aimed at broadening the experience of up-and-coming executives, two of its top managers are swapping jobs.
1	ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Crawford leads US sweep in 200 Each time the runners approached the starting blocks, the chants would begin again, a defiant show of support for their fallen hero.
3	World Living Beyond Its Environmental Means-WWF The world is consuming some 20 percent more natural resources a year than the planet can produce, conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday.
0	Thousands celebrate Zambia #39;s independence Lusaka - Presidents from three African countries have laid wreaths to celebrate Zambia #39;s 40th independence anniversary. Fighter jets flew overhead in a display of military might not seen in at least a decade.
2	Mortgage Applications Rise in Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose, spurred by a rise in mortgage refinancings last week as  30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest level since early  April, an industry group said on Wednesday.
2	Developing the economy in a sustainable way At a recent business summit, Vice-Premier Zeng Peiyan predicted that China will sustain an annual economic growth rate of more than 7 per cent by 2020.
2	In support of free speech  quot;I don #39;t think we ought to have 527s, quot; President Bush said the other day, referring to the political fund-raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti-free speech McCain-Feingold campaign-finance  quot;reform quot; law 
2	Mobile phone sales still booming Worldwide mobile phone sales rise 26 in the July to September quarter, driven by demand for new handsets.
0	Pope Beatifies Three on Adriatic Coast Pope John Paul has traveled to Italy #39;s Adriatic coast northeast of Rome to beatify two devout Italians and a Spaniard who lived and died in the 20th century, placing them on the road to sainthood in the Roman Catholic Church.
0	SIX KILLED AS STORM LASHES FRANCE Hurricane-strength winds have lashed Paris and large areas of northern and eastern France, leaving six dead and cutting power to hundreds of thousands of homes.
3	The Word of the Year is: Blog Yes, boys and girls, the word for this year is  #39;blog #39;--that #39;s blog as in  #39;a website that contains an online personal journal with reflections, comments and often hyperlinks.
1	Seau to miss rest of season with torn pectoral muscle Miami Dolphins linebacker Junior Seau will miss the rest of the season with a torn pectoral muscle that will require surgery, and said Wednesday he #39;s unsure whether the injury will end his 15-year career.
1	Sachin precious than  #39;Kohinoor #39;: Gavaskar DHAKA, Dec 11: Legendary Sunil Gavaskar on Saturday congratulated Sachin Tendulkar for equalling his world record of 34 Test centuries, saying he was more precious to the Indians than even the  #39;Kohinoor #39; and must not stop before 50 centuries.
1	Pampling tackles Open grill GOLF has changed a lot in the 100 years since the captain of the Drouin Golf Club in Victoria, the Honourable Michael Scott, won the first Australian Open.
2	Storms Soak Retailers' September Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, reported lackluster September sales on  Thursday as warm weather and the string of hurricanes that  battered the East Coast dampened buying.
1	QBs Grab Spotlight Chris Simms, the Buccaneers second-year pro competing for Tampa Bay's No. 2 job, completed 12 of 15 passes for 110 yards to help the Bucs to a 20-6 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday.
3	Microsoft unveils Windows XPSE in Hindi The Windows XP Starter Edition (XPSE) is a low-cost, version of Windows XP, meant for emerging markets. NEW DELHI: Microsoft has announced the upcoming release of Windows XP Starter Edition (XPSE), a new version of Windows XP for emerging markets.
1	Soderling Beats Malisse to Win Lyon Open (AP) AP - Sweden's Robin Soderling won his first ATP singles title, using a strong serve to defeat Belgium's Xavier Malisse 6-2, 3-6, 6-4 Sunday in the Lyon Open final.
1	Time for a new leader England v Azerbaijan - another game for the national side totally overshadowed by David Beckham. This is, of course, a not uncommon phenomena.
2	Martha Stewart: Scarier on Halloween Lower sales, bigger losses, and a sneaky-looking accounting change mean investors should watch their wallets.
0	Indira Gandhi remembered New Delhi - Indians from all walks of life led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and ruling Congress party president Sonia Gandhi Sunday paid tribute to former premier Indira Gandhi on the 20th anniversary of her assassination.
2	Crude oil prices end sharply lower amid profit-taking Crude oil futures fell sharply Tuesday as traders opted to cash in profits after six straight sessions of strong gains in oil market.
1	Johnson may go to Yankees A three-team trade that would send the D #39;backs #39; ace left-hander to the New York Yankees is close to completion, pending physicals.
3	Sharp drops handhelds from U.S. retail market The electronics maker will stop retailing its Linux handhelds in the United States, joining a retreat from the once-popular market.
2	High LCD supplies pressured prices and cut into margins LG.Philips LCD said Monday its third-quarter net income dropped on year and fell short of forecasts, as high supplies led to lower prices of its liquid crystal display panels.
2	Guidant Resolves Champion Stent Issues  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it has resolved problems with  its Champion drug-coated stent and plans to launch the heart  device in Europe in mid-2005.
2	Gateway Computes Operating Profit It has never bothered me that I have been the only person I know who loves my eMachines computers. The computers are inexpensive and they are more than adequate for my word processing 
2	Dollar falls to 103.75 yen on remark by Snow The dollar slipped close to its lowest level of the year Thursday in Tokyo, entering 103 yen territory as market players dumped the currency in the belief that the United States tacitly approves of its weakening.
3	Netscape Updates Browser Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
2	Intel shows off next-generation chips SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Trying to get past its recent execution setbacks, Intel demonstrated a working chip using its next-generation manufacturing technology Monday, and also stated that it is on track to continue with Moore #39;s Law, doubling the number 
3	Starbucks Serves Up Digital Music In-store CD burning service will be installed in coffeehouses in Seattle and Texas.
1	Pacers' Foster to Miss Four to Six Weeks (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court.
2	Opec in no hurry to cut quota LONDON - Despite a recent plunge in oil prices, Opec producers appear to be in no rush to cut output quotas and markets expect the taps to be left wide open when ministers meet in Cairo this week.
2	Dollar General Profit Down, Trims Outlook Discount retailer Dollar General Corp. (DG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted an unexpected profit fall with customers hurt by high oil prices and unemployment, and expressed caution for the key holiday season.
3	Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
0	EU Presses United Nations on Genocide Question in Darfur Foreign ministers of the European Union have called for the United Nations to immediately probe whether atrocities in the Darfur region of Sudan are genocide.
3	McNealy Pitches Desktop Hosting Option In case you missed it, Scott McNealy #39;s big on the subscription model. And, Sun Microsystems is weighing a new desktop hosting initiative to go along with already-announced hosting options.
1	GAME 150: Indians 8, Tigers 7 a-singled for Hafner in the 6th. b-walked for Young in the 7th. c-sacrificed for Young in the 9th. E: Peralta (1), BPhillips (1), Infante (14).
0	Indian army to begin troops reduction in India-controlled Kashmir Indian Army will begin its troops reduction in India-controlled Kashmir from Wednesday to coincide with the maiden visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tothe region, the Press Trust of India reported Tuesday.
0	Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war  over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and  called for measures to curb such groups.
2	Analysis: China #39;s risks in investing in Argentina China could be Argentina #39;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country is facing more enemies than allies as it is now.
0	Task Force Soldier Sentenced to 25 Years Confinement for Murder A Task Force Danger soldier was sentenced to 25 years of confinement for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier, according to the US military.
1	Report: Jays front-runners to sign Koskie The Toronto Blue Jays are close to signing Canadian third-baseman Corey Koskie and hope to have a deal done by Monday.  quot;We #39;re still talking, and hopefully we #39;ll know something soon, quot; Blue Jays general manager JP Ricciardi told TSN on Sunday night.
2	Snow seeks to shift focus away from dollar slump, US deficits (AFP) AFP - With protests growing around the world about US deficits and a weak dollar, US Treasury Secretary John Snow has made it clear that's not what he wants to talk about during his European tour.
2	September Job Growth Weaker Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. businesses added 96,000 jobs to  payrolls in September, the government reported on Friday, a  weaker-than-expected total that was expected to sharpen a  presidential debate later in the day over the economy's  direction.
2	Stocks Slip on Strong PPI; HP Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks retreated on Tuesday, as a  jump in the Producer Price Index on skyrocketing food and  energy costs raised concerns that the Fed might become more  aggressive with rate increases in the months ahead.
1	Patriots Establish Web Site in Chinese (AP) AP - How do you explain a quarterback sneak in Chinese? How about a blitz, an onside kick, or a fair catch?
0	Jamaica Possibly Spared Ivan's Worst Fury KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with giant waves and winds nearing 155 mph early Saturday, but as panicked residents braced for a direct hit, the storm unexpectedly wobbled and lurched west, possibly sparing the island the worst of its fury.    The change in course could be good news for hurricane-weary Florida, since Ivan may now head off into the Gulf of Mexico...
2	Airbus forecasts increased demand for its largest fleet Airbus, the world #39;s biggest maker of commercial aircraft, forecast yesterday that airlines will need 1,902 jumbo planes over the next 20 years -- more than double the forecast of its rival, The Boeing Co.
2	Google shares could start trading Wednesday MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF. - Google?s initial public offering could hit the Nasdaq Stock Market as early as Wednesday if US securities regulators let the Internet search engine close its auction on Tuesday. 
3	First Lady Bashes John Kerry's Pro Stem Cell Stance By RON FOURNIER    LANGHORNE, Pa. (AP) -- First lady Laura Bush defended her husband's policy on embryonic stem cell research Monday, calling Democratic rival John Kerry's criticism "ridiculous" and accusing proponents of overstating the potential for medical breakthroughs...
0	Stocks Slide As Oil Nears \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Oil prices reached a new high and sent stocks lower Monday, but with trading on Wall Street light and losses only moderate, investors seemed to be coming to terms with near-\$50 per barrel crude.    After setting a new all-time record settlement price of \$48.88 on Friday, oil continued its march higher on Monday, renewing fears on Wall Street that the slowdown in profits and the economic recovery would extend through the end of the year due to high energy costs...
3	IBM regains speed lead The latest machine for helping the Energy Department model nuclear explosions has become the world #39;s most powerful computer. An IBM Corp.
0	Time for the UN to act on Irans nuclear program There is substantial evidence that Iran is developing a capability to manufacture nuclear weapons while claiming that it is only for peaceful power-generating purposes.
2	Financial Warning Sounded on Fannie Mae A long running regulatory examination of Fannie Mae has found accounting and other problems at the giant government-chartered mortgage company that raise doubts about  quot;the quality of 
1	Ravens' Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge (AP) AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty Thursday to using a cell phone to try to set up a drug deal and will be sentenced to four months in prison, to be served after the regular season ends in January.
2	Crude prices make a retreat Oil futures retreated below \$50 a barrel yesterday, though analysts said there is enough uncertainty about geopolitics and weather -- and the industry #39;s 
1	Tributes flow for Keith Miller Tributes have continued to flow for Australian all-rounder Keith Miller, who died at the age of 84. Cricket Victoria #39;s Kevin Jacobs says Miller was admired around the world.
2	UBS in private banking deal Baer #39;s North American wealth management business employs 55 people and manages more than \$4 billion in client assets. It is based in Manhattan and has additional offices in Los Angeles, Palm Beach and Montreal.
2	Calstrs pension fund sees \$23.1 billion shortfall Calstrs, the third largest US pension fund, faces a \$23.1 billion funding shortfall and many other public pension funds may face similar gaps, the deputy chief executive of the third largest US pension fund said on Friday.
0	Rioting in Pakistani Town as Blast Victims Buried  SIALKOT, Pakistan (Reuters) - Angry Shi'ite Muslims set  vehicles and the mayor's office on fire in Pakistan's eastern  city of Sialkot Saturday after a funeral procession to bury  victims of a suicide bomb attack that killed 30 people.
3	UN report on N.Korea environment says outlook tough North Korea #39;s environment faces a stark future unless urgent action is taken, the United Nations said on Friday in a first report on the communist state #39;s environment compiled with unprecedented help from Pyongyang.
0	US Officials Differ on Strength of Iran Nuke Claim  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Thursday  that satellite images of a suspected nuclear site in Iran  demonstrated its intention to develop atomic weapons, but other  U.S. officials questioned the strength of the claim.
0	CAR BOMB ROCKS CENTRAL BAGHDAD A suspected car bomb has exploded outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad killing at least five people, two of them women.
0	ADAMS #39; BUG GIFT FOR BLAIR SINN Fein boss Gerry Adams plans to start tomorrow #39;s Ulster peace talks by handing Tony Blair a bug found at the party #39;s offices.
0	Koizumi views quake-damaged Japan Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi headed to northern Japan to survey the damage wrought by the deadliest earthquakes to hit the country in nearly a decade as the death toll jumped to 31.
0	Britain #39;s Straw leaves for Sudan BRITAIN #39;S Foreign Secretary Jack Straw flew to Sudan today, stepping up international pressure on the government there to tackle the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Darfur.
2	Spitzer Accuses Insurance Industry of Rigging Bids Brokers required to provide competing bids to customers have been taking payoffs from insurance companies resulting in widespread corruption in the industry, New York's Attorney General charged today.
0	 quot;Chemical Ali quot; first to be tried for Iraq war crimes Iraqi officials plan to make one of the highest-profile figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s regime - Ali Hassan al-Majid, called  quot;Chemical Ali quot; by the West -he first person to be tried for war crimes.
1	Love match turns to hate as Russian stars attack Maria Since winning Wimbledon as a virtually unknown 17-year-old last summer, Maria Sharapova has emerged as one of the world #39;s top ranked tennis players.
1	Droughns Helps Broncos Stay Atop AFC West (AP) AP - Reuben Droughns had another 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West for another week.
2	Nissan to Halt Output at 3 Plants for Lack of Steel (Update1) Nissan Motor Co., Japan #39;s second- largest carmaker, said it will suspend production at three factories for five days over the next two weeks because the company has difficulty obtaining steel.
2	Huge deal swallows International Steel Group The  quot;bigger is better quot; mind-set dominating the steel industry reached new heights yesterday when billionaire baron Lakshmi Mittal said he #39;ll create the world #39;s largest 
2	Construction Spending Hits Surged in August Construction spending in August hit the highest level on record, fresh evidence that the housing market is helping move the economy ahead.
0	U.S. Warns of Attacks in Indonesia (AP) AP - The State Department on Saturday warned that terrorists were planning more attacks against Western targets in Indonesia over Christmas and New Years, reiterating advice to its citizens not to travel to the country.
3	Problems Abound in Election System When Americans go to the polls in November, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
0	Donkey cart beats out Porsche in Portuguese road race (AFP) AFP - A donkey cart beat a Porsche in a race held in a northern Portuguese city over the weekend to see which mode of transportation could best handle car congestion.
1	Charges expected Wednesday from NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors here are expected to file charges Wednesday against National Basketball Association players and spectators who took part in a November 19 brawl.
2	Oil prices bounce back over \$50 mark Oil prices have neared last week #39;s record high after bouncing back above the \$50-a-barrel mark despite a peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria.
2	Hooters Air brings flights to Rockford Hooters Air will begin offering nonstop flights out of the Greater Rockford Airport in early 2005 to Denver, Atlanta and Las Vegas, officials said.
1	Kent and Bagwell power Houston to 6-4 victory over St. Louis The Houston Astros can put themselves in the playoffs. They no longer need help from anyone else. Roger Clemens, Jeff Kent and the Astros took over the NL wild-card lead Wednesday night, beating the St.
2	'Tea EO' Aims for Sustainable Brew  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For Seth Goldman, starting a  business was a lot like brewing tea -- it all came down to the  right blend of ingredients.
1	 #39;Fever Pitch #39; Gets World Series Footage Boston Red Sox #39;s catcher Jason Varitek jumps into the arms of pitcher Keith Foulke after beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 to win the World Series Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004, in St.
1	Three Nacional players suspended after nightclub altercation Lisbon, Portugal (Sports Network) - CD Nacional suspended three players who were arrested following an altercation at a Portuguese nightclub early Monday morning.
1	Ancira I-10 Chrysler Jeep Kia (Sports Network) - The suddenly struggling Los Angeles Clippers attempt to put an end to a three-game skid tonight, when they battle the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Target Center.
2	Santander May Drop Abbey on Competition Inquiry, Telegraph Says Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, may drop its 8.2 billion (\$14.9 billion) offer to buy Abbey National Plc if rival bids lead to a long competition 
3	BEA hails app server upgrade SAN FRANCISCO -- Not to be outdone by rival Oracle's conference being held a block away, BEA Systems on Monday unveiled Version 9.0 of its WebLogic Server application server, code-named Diablo.
2	Westfield battles for control of property giant The battle for the United Kingdom developer Chelsfield intensified over the weekend, with reports from London that executives of the property giant are considering a management buyout to 
2	Transport costs lift UK inflation to 1.5 London - Britain #39;s inflation rate hit its highest level in five months in November, pushed up by air fares and surging utility bills, official figures showed yesterday.
2	Cary Named Ninth Safest City In Nation CARY, NC -- The town of Cary has been ranked ninth in a list of the nation #39;s safest cities. When it comes to the nation #39;s most dangerous cities, Camden, NJ, topped the list, snatching the distinction from Detroit, which came in second.
3	How Web Design Can Affect Search Engine Rankings How Web Design Can Affect Search Engine Rankings\\Uniquely built web sites can create unique issues when being promoted on the search engines. From a basic 3 page brochure site to a corporate site with hundreds of dynamically generated pages, every web site needs to have certain design aspects in order ...
1	SuperSonics 106, Hawks 85 Rashard Lewis brought his game at both ends, scoring 23 points and blocking five shots, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 106-85 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night.
1	Randolph Confident About Job With Mets Willie Randolph is still under contract with the Yankees, but while speaking yesterday about the possibility of managing the Mets, he used a couple of revealing personal pronouns.
1	'I'm 100 Percent Innocent', Says Hamilton  ZURICH (Reuters) - Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton said on  Tuesday that he is "100 percent innocent" as the Phonak rider  responded to media reports that he failed a drugs test.
2	Parts of YUKOS to be sold Some of YUKOSs assets will be sold through the Russian Federal Property Fund, the Justice Ministrys Main Department in Moscow said on Tuesday.
1	McCullum makes the difference The visitors resumed the session with Matthew Sinclair on 73, Jacob Oram on two and the total on 133/4. New Zealand had lost their last three wickets without much gain and needed a partnership to get the innings back on track.
1	NHL cancels all-star game NEW YORK (CP) - The NHL has cancelled the Feb. 12-13 all-star weekend in Atlanta because of the lockout. There #39;s still a chance hockey will resume this year but a shortened season will need all the dates possible 
3	The Other, Bigger Growing Deficit The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) has released Living Planet Report 2004the current edition of an annual index that tracks global species abundance and human use of natural resources.
2	IBM, AMD Speed Chips, Strain Wafers  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Researchers at IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Advanced Micro Devices Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; have improved a chip-making  technology called strained silicon, boosting  semiconductor  performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to  come by, the companies said on Sunday.
0	Kashmiris waiting for festival and peace to come SRINAGAR, Nov. 13 (XinhuaNET) -- Markets are overcrowded, traffic jam is heavy and the shops are jostling with shoppers in the capital city of Srinagar in the Indian-administered Kashmir as theholy Moslem festival of Eid approaches here.
0	Committee to succeed Arafat denied The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.
1	This Date in Baseball for Sept. 15 (AP) AP - 1912  #151; Joe Wood of the Boston Red Sox pitched his 16th consecutive victory to tie Walter Johnson's record as he beat the St. Louis Browns 2-1.
3	Q A: Worthington Industries CIO Jonathan Dove on ERP upgrade Worthington Industries CIO Jonathan Dove tells Computerworld that he sees the role of the CIO changing.
0	Ireland tries to get UK hostage #39;s release The Irish government has stepped up its efforts to free the British hostage in Iraq, Ken Bigley, whose mother is from Ireland, by talking to diplomats from Iran and Jordan.
2	Hollinger Panel Says Its Owners Took Cash  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Hollinger International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt; Chief Executive Conrad Black and other controlling  shareholders used more than \$400 million of corporate funds for  personal perks including private jets and club memberships,  according to a report filed on Tuesday.
0	Afghan Poll Unstoppable, Says U.S. Ambassador  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's historic presidential  election is now unstoppable, the United States said on Monday,  but other officials warned of more attacks by Taliban  guerrillas and their al Qaeda allies before Saturday's vote.
2	IBM Net Flat; Says Confident on Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by a  legal settlement, but the world's largest computer company  sounded a confident outlook and its shares rose 2.3 percent.
0	US has no hard evidence of election-related attack plot: report (AFP) AFP - US officials conducting an aggressive campaign to foil potential terrorist attacks ahead of the US election have reportedly found no specific, hard evidence of an election-related terrorist plot.
1	ACC has three top-5 teams in preseason hoops poll Top-heavy with Atlantic Coast Conference teams, The Associated Press preseason mens basketball poll gave the nod to Kansas of the Big 12 Conference.
2	Oil Prices Nudge Record High Oil prices were hovering close to last weeks record high today after breaking through the 50 US dollars mark again. Production problems in the Gulf of Mexico due to 
2	US November Consumer Prices Rise 0.2; Core Up 0.2 (Update3) Prices paid by US consumers rose for a fourth straight month in November, supporting forecasts that Federal Reserve policy makers will keep raising interest rates.
0	Baghdad Car Bomb Kills at Least 5 and Leaves Up to 29 Wounded A car bomb exploded today near the Ministry of Education in a busy Baghdad commercial area, killing at least five people and wounding up to 29, officials said.
0	US Denies Saddam on Hunger Strike The US military is denying a report that Saddam Hussein has begun a jailhouse hunger strike, and says the ousted Iraqi leader had eaten on Sunday.
1	Arsenal ties Bolton, extends unbeaten streak Arsenal stretched its record unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 46 games Sunday, but the 2-2 tie with Bolton ended its perfect league record this season.
3	Source: Movie industry to sue computer users LOS ANGELES A source says Hollywood movie studios are preparing to sue computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online.
2	SEC revises standards for securities brokers The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is giving securities brokers up to November 2005 to shift to the use of risk-based capital adequacy standards from the current net capital standards.
3	AT T Wireless Posts Lower Profit &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;AWE.N&gt;\said on Tuesday its third-quarter profit declined as customers\spent less per month, offsetting a rise in net new customers.&lt;/p&gt;
3	REVIEW: Device Lets You Record Radio Shows (AP) AP - Call it TiVo for the radio. A new  #36;70 device called RadioShark lets you record your favorite AM and FM radio shows to your home computer and enjoy them later either from the desktop or a portable device.
3	Space shuttle return to flight delayed The record series of four hurricanes that hit Florida in recent weeks has ended NASA #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in March 2005, NASA announced on Friday.
1	JONES SUES CONTE FOR \$32 MILLION US sprint star Marion Jones has filed a \$US 25 million (\$AUD 32.7 million) defamation lawsuit against accused steroid peddler Victor Conte saying he has sullied her reputation by making false claims she used banned performance enhancing drugs.
1	SEARCHING FOR A HOME? The deal to move the Expos to Washington, DC, is, as Mayor Anthony Williams puts it,  quot;in jeopardy. quot; If it falls apart, baseball will not resume talks with other cities until after Dec. 31, and it #39;s unclear where the Expos would play this season.
3	U.S. Stocks, Bonds Rise, Oil, Dollar Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday as\a dramatically raised price target for Apple Computer Inc.\shares spilled over to other technology stocks, and a rally in\crude oil stalled as traders took profits.
3	IBM #39;s Palmisano Targets Hewlett-Packard Clients to Boost Sales International Business Machines Corp. #39;s sales probably rose 9 percent in the third quarter as Chief Executive Sam Palmisano won more server-computer orders, capitalizing on mistakes Hewlett-Packard Co.
3	Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Measures to curb the use of "spyware" -- the computer programs that surreptitiously track people's online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could reach the President's desk before lawmakers break for the November election.
2	Third-Quarter Productivity Slows to 1.8 The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday.
3	Researchers warn laptop users of infertility risk A combination of the heat generated by a laptop and the position of the thighs needed to balance it leads to higher temperatures that can be dangerous to a man's reproductive health.
3	Microsoft unveils new internet search engine Microsofts first search technology went live on Wednesday. The software giant claims that the preliminary or beta version of its MSN Search stands out from other search engines because it offers more 
0	Sudan rejects Darfur peace force Sudan will not accept a peacekeeping force in the troubled Darfur region but may agree to extra monitors being deployed, its foreign minister says.
2	China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China will maintain a stable monetary  and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state  media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent  speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.
1	Vizcaino gets one-year deal Houston Astros: The Astros re-signed utility infielder Jose Vizcaino to a one-year contract. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but Vizcaino made \$1.2 million last year.
3	RFID confab draws big names in retail, high tech Powerhouses such as Wal-Mart will be in Baltimore this week to influence the development of radio frequency identification.
1	Russia meets defending champ France for Fed Cup title Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Russia and France will meet for the Fed Cup title this weekend at Krylatskoe Ice Stadium in a rematch of last year #39;s semifinals.
2	Dollar Claws Back from Losses  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Wednesday,  recovering some of the losses it made after the Fed raised U.S.  interest rates as expected but did little to change the  market's view that its monetary tightening cycle will continue.
3	eMusic to relaunch MP3 subscription service While MP3 #39;s have taken quite a bashing lately, it #39;s good to know you can still download free and legal MP3 #39;s, albeit for independent artists.
0	Gadhafi Appeals for Freedom of British Hostage in Iraq Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi has appealed for the release of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, who was taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
1	The check #39;s in the syringe The New York Yankees, who make enough money to know better, want the rest of Jason Giambi #39;s contract voided because he admitted to using what can fairly be called a cornucopia of pharmaceuticals.
1	Well, it worked for Bill So let me get this straight: Barry Bonds used steroids, but he didn #39;t inhale?***Mr. Schwarzenegger, meet your new lieutenant governor.
0	A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Sunday, Jan. 2, 2005, at least 1,329 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 1,042 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
2	Moving on from that old line WHY are Telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
0	Post-Beslan Russia looks to US Russia will move aggressively into the war against international terrorism by cooperating more closely with the United States. President Vladimir Putin on Monday announced sweeping measures to beef up Kremlin 
0	Italian Foreign Minister Visits Kuwait (AP) AP - Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini appealed for a "civilized dialogue" between religions as he stood inside Kuwait's Grand Mosque at the start of a Middle East visit he hopes will help win the release of two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq.
3	Starbucks Serves Up Digital Music Starbucks will begin rolling out next week the in-store CD burning service it announced in conjunction with Hewlett-Packard back in March.
3	ESPN Eyes Mobile Phone Market Sports media company teams with Sprint to offer a branded cell phone service.
1	Yankees frustrate Red Sox, Pedro again Pedro Martinez came out to start the eighth inning against the Yankees and promptly coughed up a lead. His night was over after serving up five runs over 7 1/3 innings, and the Yankees wound up dealing the Red Sox a crushing blow.
0	Israel to consider releasing Palestinian prisoners Israel says it #39;s considering releasing some Palestinian prisoners -- as part of a deal in which Egypt has freed an Israeli Arab man convicted of spying.
0	Tennis: Ferrero falls in epic Last year's runner-up Juan Carlos Ferrero goes out of the US Open after a five-set battle with Stefan Koubek.
2	ITV says advertising growth accelerating LONDON : Britain #39;s largest commercial television network ITV comfortably beat profit forecasts in the first half of this year and said advertising revenues rose 4.9 percent year-on-year, the best performance since 2000.
3	IBM in \$320m pension settlement US computer giant IBM agrees a \$320m deal with older staff, who had argued that changes to its pension scheme left them worse off.
2	SEC Settles with Ahold, Execs The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed enforcement actions against Royal Ahold NV and three former executives, alleging fraud and other violations stemming from the Dutch food giant #39;s massive accounting scandal.
1	Michael Jordan Morale Boost for U.S. Ryder Cup Team  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup  captain Hal Sutton enlisted the help of basketball great  Michael Jordan to boost his team's morale for this week's match  with a pep talk.
3	The Call Is Cheap. The Wiretap Is Extra. Wiretapping Internet phones to monitor criminals and terrorists is costly and complex, and potentially a big burden on new businesses trying to sell the phone service.
3	&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; writer receives right royal rogering &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; 'What unadulterated bollocks'
1	Prosecutors Drop Sex Case Against Bryant (AP) AP - The criminal case against Kobe Bryant case collapsed Wednesday as prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the sexual assault charge because the NBA star's accuser no longer wanted to participate.
2	Virgin and SN seal Belgian merger Low-cost airline Virgin Express agrees a tie-up with SN Brussels, the successor to collapsed Belgian carrier Sabena.
0	Koose Muniswamy Veerappan: The Bandit King He has been described as India #39;s answer to Robin Hood. But Koose Muniswamy Veerappan was a ruthless killer who admitted to 120 murders before he died in a hail of police bullets on Monday.
3	US gets new cyber security chief The US has a new head of cyber security, a week after his predecessor suddenly resigned.
1	The race for The Chase begins at Richmond Richmond, VA (Sports Network) - Ryan Newman earned the pole for Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400. The No.12 Penske Dodge circled the 0.750-mile Richmond International Raceway short track in 20.
2	New Rule May Help Business-Lobby PACs  A  rule change  proposed by the Federal Election Commission yesterday could substantially enhance the clout of the nation's business lobbies, campaign-finance lawyers said.
1	Turner Doesn't Believe in Moral Victories (AP) AP - Norv Turner took no solace in the fact his Oakland Raiders played San Diego much closer this time. In Turner's mind, a loss is a loss.
2	Sprint #39;s 3Q Loss Widens on Charge Sprint Corp. on Tuesday said its third-quarter loss widened because of a previously disclosed asset impairment, but the company reported growth in wireless services and said it benefited from cash contributions from local and long distance services.
3	Bush campaign Web site blocks overseas visits Net surfers outside the U.S. interested in U.S. President George Bush's re-election strategy aren't currently able to learn about it from his campaign Web site. Visitors from a number of international locations reported hitting "access denied" errors as they tried to reach the site on Tuesday.
3	Gap's garment gadget blasts your favorite tunes Wearable tech goes mainstream as the Gap introduces jacket with built-in radio.\
3	ITAA sees limited IT job growth in '04 The number of U.S. IT jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for IT workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released Wednesday by the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA).
3	Global mobile phone sales soar Strong demand for replacement handsets in western Europe and the US helped push global mobile phone sales to 156.4 million units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 per cent increase from the second quarter of 2003, new research has claimed.
2	Oil Flat After Drop, More Losses Seen Oil prices held steady on Tuesday after falling 2 percent a day earlier and were set for further falls in anticipation of higher US crude stocks despite concerns over disruptions to Iraqi oil flow.
0	UK #39;s Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s 
1	Yankees rally in 12th, even series They knew all about this haunted house in the Bronx and about the ghosts that come out around midnight in October. But until last night, the Minnesota Twins hadn't lived the nightmare themselves. Now, they have.
1	Backman Exits Mets' Managerial Hunt (AP) AP - Wally Backman pulled out of the New York Mets' managerial hunt to focus on his bid to get a job with the Arizona Diamondbacks.
2	Mortgage Applications Fall 6.3 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for U.S. home loans fell  6.3 percent last week after a brief bounce in early August  spurred by a drop in mortgage rates, an industry group said on  Wednesday.
3	Sanyo to Produce HD-DVD Players Sanyo Electric, an established maker of optical drives and components, will produce both components and players for the blue-laser-based HD-DVD format, the company says.
0	Hoon sparks fury with army regiment shake-up (AFP) AFP - The Black Watch army regiment, which lost seven soldiers during a recent mission in Iraq, is to be merged with other units as part of a major military overhaul, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon revealed.
0	U.S. Troops Clash with Shi'ite Militia in Najaf  NAJAF (Reuters) - U.S. troops clashed with Shi'ite  militiamen in Najaf on Saturday, interrupting a day of relative  calm in the holy city with the sound of mortar,  rocket-propelled grenade and machinegun fire, witnesses said.
1	Bengals DL Tony Williams Breaks Ankle CINCINNATI Oct 25, 2004 - Cincinnati Bengals defensive tackle Tony Williams broke his left ankle Monday night on a low block by Denver #39;s George Foster late in the first quarter.
1	Federer and Agassi Return to Battle  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer and Andre Agassi return  to battle at Flushing Meadows Thursday with their U.S. Open  quarter-final balanced on a knife edge.
0	Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife Teresa Heinz-Kerry changed his life, he has told GQ magazine.
1	Rockets' guard Sura will start NBA season on bench (AFP) AFP - Houston Rockets guard Bob Sura underwent successful surgery to repair a herniated lower back disk but will miss the start of the National Basketball Association season, the club revealed.
3	New Mexico governor backs UC as Los Alamos lab manager LOS ANGELES New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson today endorsed the University of California to keep managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
3	GAO urges better oversight for air traffic system Federal Aviation Administration officials need more oversight of operational systems for the air traffic control system and should do a better job of implementing process improvement methods for information technology projects, congressional auditors said 
2	Chasing the dream WHO is the most feared regulator in the US today? For investors in US insurance companies, any doubts about the answer were removed in the past week after the entire sector slumped on news New York Attorney 
0	8 US marines killed in Iraq NEW YORK - Eight US marines have been killed west of Baghdad in a region that has become a flashpoint of anger over the US occupation of Iraq.
2	Ford, DaimlerChrysler close in on confirming thousands of new auto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Thousands of jobs could be created over the next two years by two Big Three automakers closing in on official announcements of significant plant expansions in southern Ontario, the president of the Canadian Auto Workers union said Friday.
0	UN Security Council meets in Kenya to discuss Sudan #39;s civil wars NAIROBI, Kenya Kofi Annan (AN #39;-nan) has called on the UN Security Council to give  quot;the strongest warning quot; to forces fighting in Sudan to end its civil wars.
1	Changes catch players' ayes It's hard to dispute that having Tiger Woods in the lead after yesterday's first round of the Deutsche Bank Championship was good news for tournament organizers. It just may not have been the best news of the day.
1	Gerrard doubtful for Austria match Vienna, Austria (Sports Network) - English midfielder Steven Gerrard will likely miss Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Austria with a groin injury.
0	Fresenius Medical Care subpoenaed by US Justice Department (AFP) AFP - Fresenius Medical Care, the world's leading supplier of dialysis products and services, said that it had been subpoenaed by the US Justice Deparment in New York to provide a  quot;broad range of documents quot; relating to its operations.
0	Prison Abuse Report Cites Top Commanders WASHINGTON - Inattention to prisoner issues by senior U.S. military leaders in Iraq and at the Pentagon was a key factor in the abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib prison, but there is no evidence they ordered any mistreatment, an independent panel concluded...
3	At St. Helens, Little Lava but Plenty of Data Today scientists observe volcanoes from much greater distances and can send data across the Internet to scientists around the world.
2	Panel spurns WFU expert A local researcher #39;s invitation to participate in a federal drug-safety board meeting was rescinded after he spoke out about his concerns regarding the safety of some arthritis drugs.
0	Corruption Remains Rampant, Says Poll of 64 Countries A majority of people worldwide say corruption among government and business elites is a grave problem, and about 10 percent say that they or a member of their household paid a bribe in the previous year, according to a new global opinion poll.
2	Consumer Confidence Slips on Job Worries (AP) AP - Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence to a seven-month low in October and its third consecutive monthly decline. The steeper-than-expected drop raised questions about whether consumers will be in the mood to spend during the critical holiday shopping season.
2	New Rules for Auditors Proposed Regulators yesterday proposed new rules that would bar auditors from peddling questionable tax strategies and preparing tax returns for top executives whose companies #39; accounting they review 
0	Blunkett quits after Whitehall report DAVID BLUNKETT resigned last night after an inquiry found his office was involved in  quot;fast-tracking quot; his ex-lover Kimberly Quinn #39;s nanny #39;s application to stay in Britain.
0	Iraq #39;s top cleric wins agreement from rebel and government for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and US-Iraqi forces.
3	Google Faces Challenge of Public Company Status (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Your name is synonymous with searching the Internet, and you've just raised roughly  #36;1.7 billion from investors by going public. What are you going to do now?
0	China Ex-President May Be Set to Yield Last Powerful Post Jiang Zemin, China's military chief and senior leader, has told Communist Party officials that he plans to resign, two people with leadership connections say.
0	\$20M LOUVRE DIAMOND THEFT Two diamonds worth nearly A\$20 million have been stolen in a daylight robbery from a high-end antique and jewelry dealers #39; show at a showroom below the famous Paris Louvre museum.
1	Bekele keeps 10,000m gold in Ethiopia Kenenisa Bekele used a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday to claim the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his Ethiopian countryman, Haile Gebrselassie.
1	WOODWARD:  #39;...AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT #39; Sir Clive Woodward has confirmed that he will be pursuing a career outside of rugby union, but he refuses to be drawn on whether it will be at Southampton football club.
0	EU drafts Iran nuclear timetable EU states draw up new plans to keep track of Iran's nuclear programme in a move unlikely to satisfy Washington.
2	Record High Oil Prices Hit Asian Markets  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Most Asian stock markets fell after  oil prices hit a record high on Thursday, reigniting worries  that high energy costs will dent household incomes, raise  companies' expenses and hurt global economic growth.
2	Data will dictate Fed rates Federal Reserve policy makers at their Sept. 21 meeting considered the case for pausing a series of  quot;measured quot; rate increases this year if economic data weaken, minutes of the gathering show.
0	Blair says Mid East peace is key to beating terror Tony Blair has redoubled his commitment to finding a resolution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestine. The prime minister told the Commons on Wednesday that bringing peace to the region was the  quot;key quot; to tackling international terrorism.
3	Support Linux Standard Base (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - LSB 2.0 represents the best chance to prevent Linux fragmentation.
2	ANALYSIS: Dollar Fall Will Come at a Price for All  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is set to turn a  blind eye to the sliding dollar and a deaf ear to protests  about its fall, but experts smell trouble for all in what looks  like an effective devaluation of the world's reserve currency.
1	Foulke unfazed by flops Keith Foulke isn't going to forget the last two nights anytime soon, but he won't be dwelling on them either.
2	Vegas comes to Wembley with \$600M casino plan Rundown land surrounding London #39;s Wembley Stadium will be transformed into a glitzy \$600 million gambling resort in a joint venture between US group Caesars Entertainment and Britain #39;s Quintain Estates.
3	Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Salmon Feast (AP) AP - Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.
0	Captors Give Italy Deadline BAGHDAD, 11 September 2004 - Militants yesterday gave Italy 48 hours to free Muslim women prisoners in Iraq in exchange for two Italian aid workers as the interim Iraqi president promised to do all he could to win the release of the duo.
2	Investors in step, Oracle moves closer With PeopleSoft #39;s stockholders tendering more than 60 percent of shares, Oracle #39;s takeover bid looks poised for success. By Associated Press.
0	Blast at Egyptian Resort Kills at Least 20 A massive explosion tore off the front of a seaside hotel in the Egyptian resort of Taba late Thursday, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 100 in what appeared to be a terrorist attack aimed at Israeli tourists, officials said.
1	Agassi wins in straight sets again STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Andre Agassi had little trouble reaching the Stockholm Open quarterfinals, beating Jonas Bjorkman 6-3, 6-4 Thursday.
0	S.Korea #39;s Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father #39;s Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea #39;s ruling Uri Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served as a military police officer during Japan #39;s 1910-1945 colonial rule on the peninsula. 
0	Guitarist killer's motive unknown US police say they still have no idea why a gunman shot and killed guitarist Darrell Abbott and three others at a rock concert.
1	Braves sign Smoltz to 2-year deal CBC SPORTS ONLINE - John Smoltz will open Spring Training 2005 in the Atlanta Braves #39; rotation and armed with a new contract. General manager John Schuerholz spent a busy Thursday coming to terms on a two-year pact with his former closer.
0	UN welcomes support of United States for Secretary-General 10 December 2004 - One day after the United States Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth gave his full backing to Secretary-General Kofi Annan - who had heard calls for his resignation from certain quarters in that country - a UN spokesman 
0	Calling the shots KATHMANDU, AUGUST 22: Nabil bank chairman Satyendra Shrestha, who earlier headed the RBI equivalent, the Rashtra Bank of Nepal, cant understand that the Royal Nepalese Army (RNA), which is performing wonders under the UN mission in Congo, is still to 
0	Russian School Siege Town Buries First of Its Dead  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - The sound of weeping mothers who  lost their sons and daughters in Russia's school siege drifted  out of the homes of Beslan on Sunday as the first burials were  held for some of the 338 people killed.
1	Raptors Sign Center Loren Woods (AP) AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
0	Row over Australian army photo A Sydney newspaper has published a photograph of Australian soldiers posing as members of the Ku Klux Klan. The Daily Telegraph said the soldiers were dressed like that to intimidate young Aboriginal recruits.
2	Alcohol ban row rages in Algeria Algeria's chances of joining the World Trade Organisation (WTO) may be scuppered by its parliament's refusal to lift a ban on alcohol imports.
3	Intel Switches Off LCOS TV Chip Intel said today it has decided to cancel its project to develop an LCOS (liquid crystal on silicon) chip that would bring down the cost of rear-projection televisions.
3	IBM, AMD, Sony boost chip speeds by 24 Chip-making technique to fuel AMD64, PowerPC, 'Cell' production
1	Chelsea replacing Arsenal as the team to beat Two weeks ago, Arsenal was riding a record unbeaten streak. Now, the Gunners can #39;t seem to win a game, and Chelsea has emerged as English soccer #39;s dominant side.
0	Iran not plotting Shiite  #39;crescent LONDON, Dec 11 (IranMania) - Iraqi Vice-President Ibrahim al-Jaafari refused to believe in remarks published Friday that Iran was attempting to influence Iraqi polls with the aim of creating a  quot;crescent quot; dominated by Shiites in the region.
2	Cash Flow in '04 Found Its Way Into Dividends American companies stepped up their dividend increases in 2004, buoyed by strong cash flows and by a changed tax law.
3	7-11 Adopting Wireless Technology By DAVID KOENIG     ROCKWALL, Texas (AP) -- Sherry Neal checked the refrigerated shelves of her 7-Eleven store, touched the screen of a small handheld computer and got an instant four-week sales history on turkey sandwiches.    With a couple taps on the wireless device, the store manager placed an order for the next day's sandwiches without ever leaving the aisle...
2	Video Girlfriends Demand Diamonds A Hong Kong company has developed a virtual girlfriend for cell phones with video capability. Also: RealNetworks offers paid internet content   hellip;.Vodafone, Nokia team up to simplify mobile software   hellip;. and more.
1	Roddick earns Masters semifinal berth HOUSTON (Ticker) - Andy Roddick #39;s superior play in tiebreakers earned him a semifinal berth at the year-end \$3.7 million Tennis Masters Cup.
1	Devil Rays Acquire Catcher Cash from Blue Jays  ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Devil  Rays acquired catcher Kevin Cash from the Toronto Blue Jays on  Sunday in exchange for right-handed pitcher Chad Gaudin.
0	Senators ask for Bush to rethink Iraq policies Senators from both major US political parties urged the Bush administration to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
1	With One Swing, Edmonds Redeems Himself and Cards Jim Edmonds attacked an 0-1 pitch in the bottom of the 12th inning and sent a majestic drive to right field that beat the Houston Astros, 6-4.
3	Apple Fixes OS X Security Flaws (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has released a patch for its Macintosh OS X operating system that fixes 15 security problems in the software.
0	Celtic in seventh heaven as Thompson strike clinches win against Gers (AFP) AFP - Celtic clinched their seventh consecutive win against Rangers with a 1-0 win at Parkhead courtesy of a late Alan Thompson strike.
1	Davenport advances in Cincinnati Mason, OH (Sports Network) - Lindsay Davenport shook off a sluggish start to rally for a three-set victory over unheralded Lilia Osterloh at the inaugural Western  amp;amp;amp; Southern Financial Group Women #39;s Open. 
2	Patni acquires Cymbal of US in \$68 mn all-cash deal MUMBAI: Patni Computer Systems said on Tuesday that it has acquired US-based Cymbal Corporation for about \$68m in cash, through its wholly-owned subsidiary in the US.
1	NL playoffs: Sticks need wakeup call in Braves vs. Astros series The Atlanta Braves and Houston Astros hope Texas will be the swing state in their National League division series after both teams #39; bats resembled toothpicks for much of Games 1 and 2 in Atlanta.
0	Angels Beat Yanks, Bosox Closer in AL EAST The New York Yankees are struggling to score and their once-huge lead in the AL East is suddenly shrinking. Manager Joe Torre refuses to panic just yet...
1	Garcia, offense can #39;t recover They suffered through a rough start against Baltimore in the season opener a week ago, but because they hung in there and just kept grinding away, things gradually 
0	Iran Wants Right to Enrich Uranium Iran won #39;t permit its diplomats to negotiate with European nations over its nuclear program if the goal of talks is to deprive Iran of the right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator said Monday.
3	IBM Supports EPA Linux Grid Computing Project The IBM project at EPA, being performed jointly with prime contractor Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), includes the Grid Toolbox, a collection of open standards-based Grid software from IBM, Red Hat Linux Enterprise 2.1 and Avaki Enterprise 
1	No. 6 Notre Dame 60, USC 56 With the game on the line, Notre Dame turned to its senior leaders to help the sixth-ranked Fighting Irish avoid an upset by unranked Southern California.
2	Mittal Family in \$17.8 Bln Steel Deal  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Lakshmi Mittal, one of the UK's  wealthiest men, will merge his steel assets and buy  International Steel Group Inc. in a deal worth \$17.8 billion to  form the world's largest steel company.
3	Save The Whales! Then What? AP DE BON DESIR, Quebec, Aug. 11 - A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the full span of the human relationship with whales. 
2	Market on record run THE stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard.
0	Porsche wants to cut jobs, extend working hours (AFP) AFP - Porsche, the German maker of luxury sports cars, wants to extend working hours and cut jobs, its chairman said in a newspaper interview at a time when other car makers in Germany are also drastically reducing their workforce in an attempt to drive down costs.
0	US sees upsurge in Iraqi violence Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visits Baghdad, says troop levels must stay high until things improve. BAGHDAD, Iraq - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told Marines in Iraq on Sunday that he expects more 
1	From Dreamers to Cinderellas Write down the date, Aug. 26, and the time, 2:30 pm in Athens. Its the moment that Olympic basketball entered a new era. Itsa real basketball tournament now, almost a 
0	Putin: Russia #39;s Fight Against Terrorism Will Not Sidetrack Reforms Russian President Vladimir Putin is defending his government #39;s efforts to strengthen and centralize control in the wake of several recent terrorist attacks.
0	Politics afoot in bid to rush Saddam trial, ousted tribunal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The fomer director of the Iraqi war crimes tribunal said that interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has taken over the court and could rush forward 
1	#2 Oklahoma (4-0) vs. #5 Texas (4-0) Kick-off for the 99th edition of the Red River Shootout is set for 11 am Saturday at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas. The game will be broadcast nationally by ABC.
3	Kodak, Sun settle potential \$1B lawsuit (October 7, 2004) - Eastman Kodak Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have settled their contentious legal dispute over Java programming language, skirting a trial on financial damages that could have brought Kodak more than \$1 billion.
3	Virgin launches digital music service British entrepreneur Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group Ltd. became the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring Monday by launching the Virgin Digital service.
0	Sudan says it will cut number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - In a goodwill gesture on the eve of peace talks in Nigeria, Sudan said Sunday it will cut the number of paramilitary forces operating in Darfur by 30 per cent in a bid to ease tensions in the troubled region, where an 18-month conflict has claimed the lives of an estimated 30,000 people.
1	Irish are in Utah to talk to Meyer SALT LAKE CITY -- Notre Dame began its pursuit of Utah #39;s Urban Meyer, with school officials arriving here Thursday to meet with him about becoming head coach of college football #39;s most glamorous program.
2	Pep Boys 3Q Profit Off 48 Pct. to \$7.7M Automotive aftermarket chain Pep Boys-Manny, Moe  amp; Jack Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit dropped, despite higher sales.
3	US border crossings now linked to FBI database The US Department of Homeland Security unveiled new computer workstations Thursday that allow Border Patrol agents on the Canadian and Mexican borders to tap into the FBI #39;s fingerprint database, overcoming a technological hurdle that 
2	UPDATE 2-Ottawa launches sale of Petro-Canada stake Canada #39;s government launched the sale of its remaining C\$3 billion (\$2.3 billion) stake in Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (PCZ.
2	GM seeks mediation to resolve dispute with Fiat The heads of General Motors Corp. and Italy #39;s Fiat SpA are expected to meet in the next four weeks to try and resolve their dispute over whether Fiat can force GM to buy the ailing Fiat Auto subsidiary.
0	Zimbabwe Court Acquits Tsvangirai of Treason  HARARE, Zimbabwe (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's High Court Friday  acquitted opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai on charges of  plotting to assassinate President Robert Mugabe, saying the  state had failed to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt.
0	More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia: UNHCR (AFP) AFP - More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since the sharp escalation in Ivory Coast's civil war 10 days ago, the UN refugee agency warned.
2	Oil Closes Above \$50 Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
0	Hamas vows Gaza revenge Palestinian militant group Hamas swears vengeance for 14 of its members killed in an Israeli air strike on Gaza.
3	Nevada's E-Vote Free of Serious Problems Alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with ATM-like voting machines, officials from Washington, D.C., to California are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: Nevada.
3	Spaceship team gets its \$10 million prize Marking the end of a years-long quest, the team behind the SpaceShipOne rocket plane on Saturday accepted the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for advancements in private space travel and tourism.
0	Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack Venezuela #39;s President Hugo Chavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturday after a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigating opponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.
3	British ruling cheers VoIP industry update British regulatory agency Ofcom has begun to map out the future for commercial Net phone services. And while some issues are as yet unresolved, the organization issued a key ruling Monday that was popular among carriers.
0	Doctor: Arafat May Have Died from Poison One of the doctors that treated Yasser Arafat before his death is expressing frustration while discussing how the Palestinian leader died.
2	Dissecting the Merger Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co. merged in an \$11 billion stock and cash deal that will create the country #39;s third-largest retailer, after Wal-Mart and Home Depot.
1	Prosecutor drops marijuana charge against Anthony Prosecutors dropped a marijuana possession charge against Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony on Wednesday, saying it would be tough to get a conviction after a friend claimed the drug was his, not Anthony #39;s.
0	Defiant Sharon sets out Gaza plan Israeli PM Ariel Sharon pushes ahead with an accelerated plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip despite opposition.
1	Lopez Out Indefinitely With Knee Injury SALT LAKE CITY Oct. 12, 2004 - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, who missed the 2002-03 season after having a second surgery on his right knee, will be out indefinitely after bumping his leg over the weekend.
0	Facing UN resistance, US drops call for oil embargo The United States yesterday softened its threat of sanctions against Sudan #39;s oil industry in a new UN draft resolution demanding a halt to the violence in Darfur.
2	Stelmar Founder to Vote Against Buyout The founder of Greek tanker firm Stelmar Shipping Ltd. on Tuesday urged shareholders to vote against a proposed acquisition by a private equity group, saying the cash deal undercuts the company #39;s value at a time when the sector continues gaining ground.
1	Moore And List Advance To US Amateur Final Mamaroneck, NY - Ryan Moore, 21, of Puyallup, Wash., the NCAA Division I champion who has won all four golf events he has entered since late May, and Luke List, 19, of Ringgold, Ga.
0	Thailand to free 900 protesters The Thai authorities say they are to release 900 people detained six days ago during a protest in the south of the country in which 85 Muslims died.
3	Nokia to sell mobile apps to operators This will simplify the process of discovery, trial and purchase of mobile applications, content and services for the consumer. HELSINKI: The world #39;s largest mobile phone maker Nokia, has launched an initiative 
1	Renteria Heads to Beantown: Report  BOSTON (Sports Network) - If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.  That's exactly what free agent shortstop Edgar Renteria did on  Wednesday by agreeing to a four-year deal with the Boston Red  Sox.
2	Washington Contractors' Sales Increase The companies provide federal agencies with network integration and payroll accounting technologies, and are the beneficiaries of a government that is trying to bolster its defenses against terrorism, experts say.
0	MANNY MUSU HEADS TO ITALY The five-year-old naturalised Australian girl seriously injured in last month #39;s bombing outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta is leaving hospital in Singapore for Italy.
0	Politicians Seek Debate on Blair's Iraq 'Misconduct'  LONDON (Reuters) - Parliamentarians will table a motion on  Wednesday demanding a debate on Prime Minister Tony Blair's  "gross misconduct" in leading Britain to war against Iraq.
1	Barcelona grabs tough road win Getafe, Spain (Sports Network) - Leaders Barcelona survived a late rally by promoted Getafe to earn a 2-1 road win Saturday. The win gives Barca a strong nine point lead over second place Espanyol, which edged Atletico Madrid Saturday 2-1.
1	Martin Back in Chase for NASCAR Title Dale Earnhardt Jr, right, talks with Matt Kenseth, left, during a break in practice at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway in Concord, NC, Thursday Oct. 14, 2004 before qualifying for Saturday #39;s UAW-GM Quality 500 NASCAR Nextel Cup race.
3	Blaster Author Pleads Guilty Teen faces prison for unleashing malicious variant of MS Blaster worm last year.
1	Park on pace for sixth win Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park posted a one-under 71 Saturday and holds a three-stroke lead after three rounds of the Samsung World Championship.
1	CZAR: Week 14 viewer #39;s guide Knowing he was a long-shot to land a high-paying NFL job in Miami or Cleveland, Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis made the smart move and went after the head coaching position at Notre Dame.
3	IBM Accelerates Grid-Computing Efforts For ISVs Grid computing already is close to being a \$1 billion business for IBM. Now the company is stepping up its efforts to make sure its independent software vendor partners are onboard the grid-computing bandwagon.
3	NASA Studying  #39;Rain Man #39;s #39; Brain SALT LAKE CITY Nov 8, 2004 - NASA scientists are studying autistic savant Kim Peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
2	Suzuki #39;s new plan hits Maruti stock prices THE country #39;s largest carmaker Maruti Udyog Ltd #39;s (MUL) stock prices slipped on Monday, triggered ostensibly by parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation #39;s announcement to set up a new car assembly unit in India through a separate joint venture.
3	Internet Life Hollywood Intensifies File-Swapping Fight The Motion Picture Association of America has filed lawuits against operators of more than 100 servers that use BitTorrent and eDonkey to swap copyighted movie files.
0	U.S. Forces Step Up Pressure on Rebels in Najaf U.S. tanks and snipers took up positions near the revered Imam Ali Shrine and engaged in fierce battles with militants.
3	Part of the ECT News Network The discovery of a skeleton of a woman barely three feet tall who hunted tiny elephants and huge rats 18,000 years ago could rewrite the story of human evolution, scientists say.
1	Four NFL Teams Clinch Division Titles (AP) AP - Four teams took the first big step toward the Super Bowl by clinching division titles, joining the Philadelphia Eagles, who already wrapped up the NFC East crown.
2	UPDATE 2-Citigroup hits back at Parmalat with court move Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday launched a legal challenge against Parmalat #39;s restructuring plan, hitting back after the bankrupt food group 
3	Search Upstart Launches New Site (AP) AP - Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc.'s vaunted technology isn't the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
2	UES Loses Utility Bid in Slovakia BRATISLAVA, Slovakia -- Enel, Italy #39;s biggest power company, put in the highest bid for the Slovak government #39;s stake in Slovenske Elektrarne, the country #39;s top power generator.
2	Japan #39;s DoCoMo in mobile deal with Cingular NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s largest mobile operator, will join US cell phone company Cingular Wireless in a partnership aimed at unifying third-generation cell phone technology and services, the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.
1	Jets 22, 49ers 14 Chad Pennington led the New York Jets on a second-half comeback. Rookie Jonathan Vilma sealed it. The Jets overcame a 14-3 halftime deficit and Vilma intercepted Tim Rattay #39;s poorly thrown pass with 1:44 to 
3	DoCoMo to Offer Overseas Roaming-Capable 3G Phones  TOKYO (Reuters) - Top Japanese wireless carrier NTT DoCoMo  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9437.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;9437.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it would launch a 3G phone equipped  for use overseas and including a video conferencing function,  getting a leg-up on its closest rival, KDDI Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9433.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;9433.T&lt;/A&gt;.
0	Female bomber kills 2 Israeli border guards JERUSALEMAs soft targets go, the bus stop servicing the bland and boxy apartment blocks of French Hill is the down pillow of Israeli vulnerabilities.
1	Browns Gain 9 Yards With Scoring Change (AP) AP - The Cleveland Browns' offense was pretty awful last weekend, just not quite as awful as everyone thought.
3	NASA: Bush Stifles Global Warming Evidence President Bush arrives off of Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House after a day of campaigning, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, in Washington.
0	EU urged to  #39;get back to work #39; after three-week limbo Incoming European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged the EU to  quot;get back to work quot;, ahead of a vote expected to end an unprecedented limbo and let him take office three weeks late.
3	Students put university on eBay Students at Exeter University have put the institution up for sale on internet auction site eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.
2	US new home sales race to third-highest on record New home sales in the United States rose by 3.5 percent in September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.21 million units, registering the third highest level on record, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday.
0	UN resolution threatens Sudan with sanctions The UN Security Council adopted a resolution on Saturday that threatens oil sanctions against Sudan if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in the Darfur region.
1	CHARGERS EYE TOP SPOT If the San Diego Chargers are able to contain Jake Plummer, they can take a huge step towards winning the AFC West title. The Chargers look to clinch their first winning season in nine years on Sunday when they host the Denver Broncos at Qualcomm Stadium.
3	Tech.gov: Barriers to Free Wi-Fi Federal and state governments usually promote competition for telecom services, but some states are blocking free Wi-Fi access.
2	Peoplesoft Revenues To Beat Expectations PeopleSoft says its quarterly revenues will beat analyst expectations, thanks to an increase in the number of orders of more than \$1 million.
2	Head of Boeing #39;s defense unit tied to Druyun hiring One day after former Boeing Chief Financial Officer Mike Sears made an illegal job offer to a Pentagon official in October 2002, the leader of Boeing #39;s defense unit received an e-mail from Sears detailing the deal, sources confirmed yesterday.
2	Bob Evans Earnings Down 40 Percent Bob Evans Farms Inc. (BOBE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 40 percent drop in quarterly earnings and warned that full-year results would fall short of estimates due to weak sales at its namesake restaurants.
1	Sven:  #39;It #39;s three strikers or Wright-Phillips #39; Sven-Goran Eriksson says that he will select either the three-pronged strikeforce or Shaun Wright-Phillips on Wednesday night, but not both.
3	BEST OF ECT NEWS Biometrics: ThinkPad and Beyond  quot;Everything is a trade-off, and the techniques used to find the bad guys will be balanced by our democracy and drive for rights of privacy, quot; said security expert Evan Scott.
2	Tech Stocks Rise; Oil Prices Boost Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks rose on Monday as  semiconductor companies returned to favor, led by Intel  Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Broadcom Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRCM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRCM.O&lt;/A&gt;, helping to lift  major indexes.
3	Parallel processing: Coming to a desktop near you The PC industry is about to go through a major change in the way computers are designed, built and marketed, Intel President and COO Paul Otellini said today at the Fall Intel Developer Forum.
2	Conference committee accepts sales tax deductibility WASHINGTON -- A provision that would allow residents of seven states, including Washington, to deduct sales taxes on their federal tax returns made it out of conference committee Wednesday and moved to the House and Senate.
2	Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil  prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying  spree continued into the new week.
1	Memphis Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal (AP) AP - Pau Gasol has been in the NBA for three seasons. That's been long enough for the 7-foot Spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with Jerry West and Hubie Brown.
3	Army Wages War on Modern Menaces New ways of protecting U.S. troops from RPGs, biological weapons and more take center stage at a military science conference. There's even a morphine substitute that emerged from the rave scene. Noah Shachtman reports from Orlando, Florida.
3	Food running so low aboard station that crew ordered to cut back &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Food is running so low aboard the international space station that flight controllers have instructed the two crewmen to cut back on calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks.
0	Mexican biologist's attempt to slip into US ends tragically SASABE, Mexico -- Mario Alberto Diaz, a biologist nearing completion of his master's degree, crawled under a barbed-wire fence marking the border with the United States one evening this summer. He had 48 hours to go in his illegal trek across the desert.
3	Space telescopes discover more of sun #39;s sisters Astronomers are finding more of the sun #39;s sisters as they train two sharp eyes on the universe. NASA, ESA, DR Ardila, DA Golimowski, JE Krist, M. Clampin, JP 
3	Sony #39;s October surprise NEW YORK (CNN/Money ) - In recent weeks, analysts and pundits have filled the air with speculation that Sony would be forced to delay its entry in the handheld gaming market.
3	RealPlayer Music Store promotion leads to 3 million songs sold RealNetworks seems to have had a very popular promotion in celebration of its new Harmony technology, which allows consumers to download songs bought at the RealPlayer Music Store and transfer them to popular portable devices, including iPods.
3	Mission Fantastic to Mars (Part 2) This is Part 2 of a five-part series covering the experiences of key participants in the Mars Exploration Rover mission. JPL and NASA have developed a structured way of doing business over the years. When you have a schedule crunch like we had, it puts a lot of pressure on that approach and it's almost impossible to do.
3	Yahoo wants users to get personal with Search The Internet portal will introduce on Tuesday advanced navigation tools to let people store, search and share their favorite Web pages--creating for users what it calls  quot;My Web.
0	CIA Analyst Cautious About Iraq  In a farewell assessment of Iraq's security and political situation, the CIA's senior officer there wrote that a stronger government and economy are necessary to avoid descent into wider violence, a U.S. official said yesterday.
3	Wanted by the police: A good interface SAN JOSE, Calif.--San Jose has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police officers per capita.
1	Wherever Pedro ends up, he stands to cash in Pedro Martinez had the last laugh in October. Now he #39;s going to have the last laugh and a very nice contract. Martinez covered the gamut of competitive and emotional experiences this October, from being a 
1	Farrior gets Steelers #39; vote as top defensive player James Farrior has already gotten one teammate #39;s vote as the NFL #39;s top defensive player this season. Make that a lot of votes.
2	US Promises Compliance with WTO Rules The WTO gave the go-ahead to countries in Europe and elsewhere to impose punitive duties on US exports. The United States has failed to repeal a trade law that protects the US Steel industry, according to WTO.
3	LIDAR Laser Radar Finding More Uses If you've ever been pulled over for speeding, you may already know something about LIDAR. A laser-based radar system, LIDAR can tell if you're speeding by bouncing a light beam off your car and seeing how quickly it returns. From an airplane or a satellite, LIDAR can calculate the distance to the ground, and by repeating the process millions of times as it flies over, map the lay of the land.
2	*  #39;Super aspirin #39; is taken off market over heart fears Shares in Merck, the US pharmaceuticals giant, plunged by almost 27 per cent yesterday after the company withdrew Vioxx, its \$2.5bn (1.
3	Hacked European Ad Server Infects IE Users A hacked server in Germany fed malicious code to unsuspecting Internet Explorer users at an unknown number of Web sites for several hours over the weekend, a banner ad-serving company acknowledged Monday.
2	To buy banks in Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland Danske Bank on Tuesday said it agreed to buy two Irish banks from the National Australia Bank for 967 million pounds (\$1.93 billion) in cash.
0	Accused Air India bomber is a victim of lies: defense lawyers (AFP) AFP - A key prosecution witness is lying when he implicated one of the Sikh men charged with the mid-air bombing of an Air India plane that killed 329 people in 1985, the defense team argued in the closing arguments of the case.
0	CBS to Name Panel to Exam Bush Guard Story (AP) AP - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled.
1	Brockton tops Eagles BROCKTON -- A new era? Nah. Just the same old Brockton coached by a different Colombo.
1	Browns do all the right things to earn impressive opening-week &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bucs went on to win seven, Buffalo and Pittsburgh six, Houston five and the Giants four. The five losers made the playoffs. The Patriots, you might recall, had a pretty decent year.
3	MSN Music Service is an average entry in the online stakes There #39;s nothing really horrible about Microsoft #39;s new MSN Music Service; it #39;s just that there #39;s nothing really great about it, either.
1	Butcher backs Souness Terry Butcher has backed his former Rangers manager Graeme Souness to be a success after taking over at Newcastle. Butcher believes Souness, who has quit Blackburn, is perfect for a club plagued 
0	Call on Me hits number one spot Swedish DJ Eric Prydz goes straight to number one in the UK chart with dance track Call on Me.
3	Microsoft extends SP2 auto-update blocker Microsoft is doubling the number of months that corporate customers can block automatic delivery of Windows XP Service Pack 2. The company on Tuesday altered its policy for preventing the automatic download 
1	Jets Rookie Coleman Comes Up Big in Opener (AP) AP - New York Jets safety Erik Coleman got his souvenir football from the equipment manager and held it tightly.
0	French court issues arrest warrant for Italian ex-revolutionary PARIS : The Paris appeals court issued a warrant for the arrest of Cesare Battisti, an Italian ex-revolutionary fighting extradition from France to face jail for murder who missed a recent check-in with police.
2	Fares pressure rises on Air NZ AIR New Zealand faces being further squeezed on trans-Tasman fares as a result of the ban on its planned alliance with Qantas. Industry analysts last night dismissed claims that Air NZ and Qantas could still work together using informal ties.
3	Tired of Passwords? Replace Them With Your Fingerprint Microsoft has developed a convenient solution for replacing all those passwords with something you don #39;t have to worry about forgetting: your fingerprint.
3	The perennial underdog is challenging Intel with a new class of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For 35 years, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD ) stood in the shadow of archrival Intel Corp. (INTC ) AMD churned out lower-priced clones of the tech leader #39;s chips and occasionally enjoyed a hit that helped boost its meager profits.
0	Abbas calls for end to armed Palestinian uprising JERUSALEM - The armed uprising against Israel was an error and should end, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in a rare public condemnation of the four-year-old intefadeh that has killed hundreds of Israelis.
1	FIFA keep tabs on Mutu case FIFA will keep a watchful eye on the Adrian Mutu case to ensure the Football Association impose a minimum six-month ban on the Chelsea striker should claims that he has tested positive for cocaine be proven.
0	Russian Expects Vote on Kyoto Treaty (AP) AP - Russia's parliament is moving toward a vote this month on the Kyoto Protocol, action that could bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay, the deputy prime minister said Monday.
2	Spitzer readies new insurance suit New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is preparing to file his second civil suit against an insurance broker, San Diego, Calif.
0	Israel announces West Bank housing plan; barrier delayed JERUSALEM -- Israel announced plans yesterday for 500 new housing units in the West Bank, after an apparent US policy shift that has infuriated the Palestinians. The Palestinians oppose all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, where they hope to establish an independent state.
2	Update 2: Qwest, SEC Reach Agreement, Says Official Qwest Communications International Inc. has tentatively agreed to pay \$250 million to settle fraud allegations by federal regulators, a union official said Friday - a move that could help lift a cloud that 
1	Mourning looks good in return Four seconds after he checked into his first basketball game in nearly a year, Alonzo Mourning drilled a jumper from the foul line, then pointed to the ceiling.
0	Crisis in Darfur Those who organized and attended a vigil in downtown Winston-Salem Wednesday were right to try to raise awareness of the atrocities that continue in the Darfur region of Sudan.
1	Astros can clinch last playoff berth Sunday BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) -- It would be fitting for the Houston Astros to clinch a playoff spot at Minute Maid Park, but they will have to do it without Roger Clemens.
0	Scans monitor cholesterol therapy Scientists have developed a speedy way to monitor the effectiveness of cholesterol-reducing statin drugs.
3	Microsoft Sues Porn Spammers Microsoft said on Thursday that the company filed seven lawsuits against spammers that have sent sexually explicit emails on the Internet without adhering to federal laws.
1	Indian TV Rights Up for Grabs Again A controversial \$308 million deal to broadcast India #39;s home cricket matches fell through on Tuesday after the country #39;s cricket board said there was no binding contract and it may re-tender the rights.
1	NFL Blocked From L.A. As with Washington-area efforts to land a baseball team, Los Angeles' quest for an NFL team spans years, and is hindered by an owner who feels he has rights to the market.
2	Kuwait Plans Big Oil Project Spending  KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait plans to spend some \$30 billion  to \$40 billion to upgrade its energy sector, and to increase  oil production capacity 60 percent to four million barrels per  day by 2020, top oil officials said in remarks published in  local newspapers on Sunday.
2	Mittal steel firm in Bosnia deal LNM Group, the steel giant headed by Indian tycoon Lakshmi Mittal, snaps up a Bosnian steelmaker in a \$280m deal.
0	Gaza Settlers Seek to Keep Communities (AP) AP - Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from Gaza next year, a lawmaker said Wednesday.
2	Holiday retail outlook cloudy The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain yesterday as the nationrsquos largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
1	Sterne saves card with Madrid win South Africa #39;s Richard Sterne claimed his first European Tour title with a two-shot victory at the Madrid Open. Needing a top-20 finish to save his tour card, the 23-year-old carded a final-round 65 to finish on 18 under par and earn a two-year exemption.
1	Villa confirm Vassell setback The 24-year-old sustained the injury after a challenge by Papa Bouba Diop in their 2-0 win over Fulham on Saturday. A Villa spokesman said:  quot;Vassell has a fracture of his ankle.
3	U.S. Would Allow 720 Snowmobiles Daily at Yellowstone With federal courts in disagreement over how many snowmobiles should be permitted in Yellowstone National Park, the National Park Service proposed a temporary option.
0	Scream gallery improves security The Munch Museum in Oslo, where thieves stole The Scream last month, is to upgrade its security in the wake of the raid.
2	Sprint Sinks \$3 Billion into Wireless Network  quot;Mobile operators are rolling these things out because they have nothing better to do, quot; said Ken Dulaney, Gartner #39;s vice president of mobile computing.
2	United to cut domestic flights United Airlines #39; parent company, UAL Corp., said Wednesday it #39;s airline will reduce US flights and focus more attention on more profitable international flights.
2	Time Warner and Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
1	The Best in The Business Charlie Weis will be named the next head football coach at Notre Dame tomorrow during a Monday morning press conference. The New England Patriots offensive coordinator is known as one of the rising stars in 
0	Europeans to Resume Talks With Iran (AP) AP - European negotiators resume talks with Iran on Wednesday on a last-chance offer of incentives aimed at getting the Tehran regime to stop enriching uranium and avoid the threat of possible U.N. sanctions.
2	Stocks Set to Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday as concerns about Hurricane Ivan weighed  on sentiment, although solid earnings from Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; could help the mood among technology stocks.
0	Senate Expected to Approve Bill Overhauling Intelligence Today As debate in the G.O.P.-controlled Senate opened, the chamber's leaders predicted the bill would easily pass.
3	Legislation Increasing Indecency Fines Dropped Lawmakers last night derailed legislation that would have substantially increased the amount the Federal Communications Commission can fine broadcasters for airing indecent material, giving media companies at least a temporary reprieve after months of scrutiny and public outrage.
3	Microsoft lets governments into Office The productivity package is added to the program that allows governments to see Microsoft source code.
0	Russia sends scientist to jail for spying A Russian court has sentenced a physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in a Siberian prison for passing space secrets to China. Danilov, 53, a professor at Krasnoyarsk 
0	Cleveland Says Debate Boost to Economy (AP) AP - The decorative banners were red, white and blue, but Tuesday's debate between Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John Edwards have local officials seeing green  #151; as in 20 million greenbacks.
0	Egypt heralds Mideast peace  #39;breakthrough #39;, eyes return of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt raised the prospect of a framework for a Middle East peace deal and said it could soon return an ambassador to Israel, a move that would revive full diplomatic ties after a four-year break.
1	NHL players propose a sizable salary cut The NHL players #39; association stunned the league and even its members with its latest effort to save the hockey season: an offer to roll back all players #39; salaries by 24 percent.
3	ICQ joins Web mail battles with new service The increasingly competitive Web mail market has a new player: Instant messaging provider ICQ now offers a fee-based service that includes 2GB of storage, a calendar feature, task manager, notepad, wireless access, and support for both POP3 (Post Office Protocol 3) and IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol).
2	Billion-Dollar Ball in Delta Pilots #39; Hands Delta Air Lines #39; pilots, by far the best paid in the airline industry, face a painful choice over the next few weeks: accept a tentative deal that calls for a one-third cut in pay, or 
0	Nigerian troops to leave for AU mission in Darfur on Monday A 150-strong company of Nigerian troops will set off for the western Sudanese region of Darfur on Monday to join an African Union force protecting ceasefire monitors, Nigerian and AU officials said Saturday.
1	Boozer, James pay homage to former coach Osowski ATHENS -- Carlos Boozer spent two years in Cleveland. The last one, when he made himself into a player deemed worthy of Olympic stature, the coach who worked with him on a daily basis was assistant Mark Osowski. Yesterday, while getting ready for today's game vs. Spain, Boozer took time to reflect on the Leominster-reared Osowski, who died Sunday of ...
2	Stocks Slightly Higher as Profit Worries Ease Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
1	MAC adds third bowl tie-in, strikes deal with Silicon Valley For the first time, the Mid-American Conference will field three teams in bowl games this season after reaching a deal with the Silicon Valley Football Classic, the Toledo Blade reported.
0	DaimlerChrysler, GM to Team Up on Engines (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG, two of the world's biggest automakers, are teaming up to develop fuel-saving hybrid technology for a range of vehicles that will help them compete with hybrid-vehicle leaders Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co.
1	Packers fend off Minnesota rally What a difference a month has made for the Green Bay Packers and the Minnesota Vikings.
3	BOFH: A ringside seat at the Boss-baiting pit &lt;strong&gt;Episode 34&lt;/strong&gt; Place your bets
1	Highlights from NBC #39;s Olympic coverage, and a look ahead HIGHLIGHT: Gymnastics team Al Trautwig and Tim Daggett #39;s superb job on the audience #39;s protest of Alexei Nemov #39;s score on the high bars.
0	Syria, PLO mend ties, seek coordination on Israel Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organisation opened a new chapter in their often turbulent ties today, saying they wanted to coordinate their efforts to make peace with Israel.
1	Piazza brings home winning run in eighth as Mets down Expos 3-2 MONTREAL (CP) - The Montreal Expos may claim it is of little importance to them if they finish out of last place in the National League East, but it #39;s definitely important to Steve Trachsel and the New York Mets.
3	Linux firms join forces on security A consortium including Mandrakesoft, the Paris-based Linux seller that recently exited bankruptcy protection, has won a three-year contract worth 7m to improve Linux security.
1	Montgomerie picked for Ryder Cup team Colin Montgomerie #39;s toughest year on and off the golf course took a turn for the better Sunday when he was chosen by European captain Bernhard Langer to play in his seventh Ryder Cup.
0	Report: N. Korea Dismisses Missile Reports (AP) AP - A high North Korean official dismissed reports his government was preparing to test fire a long-range missile as "conjecture, rumor and speculation," Japanese news media said Saturday.
0	Last chance for Iran over nuclear deadline BRITAIN and Germany gave Iran a final chance yesterday to co-operate over its nuclear programme - or face the prospect of sanctions.
3	U2 Fans Furious at iPod Deal Carrie Alison, editor of the largest U2 fan Web site, confirmed that some fans are angry at the band #39;s decision. She said,  quot;Some pockets of U2 fans will rankle at the band aligning themselves with a major 
0	Premiers rely on Martin's minority troubles to drive hard bargain on health (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's premiers are hopeful that Prime Minister Paul Martin's tenuous grip on a minority government will give them leverage to drive a hard bargain at this week's high-stakes health-care summit.
2	U.S. Blue Chips Near Flat; Verizon Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Tuesday,  as a drop in phone company Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  overshadowed a brokerage upgrade on Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;  and a three-session drop in oil prices.
0	Fleming 'alarmed' by Aussies' thorough planning (AFP) AFP - New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming said he was alarmed at the scale of planning Australia had put in to conquer their final cricket frontier in India.
3	HyperTransport consortium approves HTX expansion spec The HyperTransport Technology Consortium today announced the first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification. The new EATX Motherboard/Daughtercard 
3	Conference focuses on challenges of fighting cybercrime Preserving the digital crime scene poses one of the biggest challenges in the global fight against cybercrime, said participants this week at a major international conference on fighting Internet-based crime.
1	Spurs past Sixers 88-80 The San Antonio Spurs snatched their fifth straight victory in an away game against the Philadelphia 76ers. Tim Duncan led the Spurs with a season-high 34 points and 13 rebounds, China Radio International reported Friday.
0	Indonesian police arrest suspected JI suicide squad members (AFP) AFP - Indonesian police have arrested three men suspected of being members of a suicide squad belonging to the Al-Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiyah regional terrorist network, a senior officer said.
3	Microsoft desktop search by end of year It looks to be all out war. Microsoft has announced the launch date for a test version of desktop search software to rival Google #39;s beta search application released earlier this month.
0	Typhoon Meari Hits South Japan, Triggers Floods A record eighth typhoon swept through southern Japan on Wednesday, killing at least two people, triggering floods and strong winds that forced the evacuation of tens of thousands.
3	Robots ready to take over the home After being used to explore Mars, make cars and clear bombs in Iraq, robots are moving into the home, ready to single-mindedly vacuum carpets, mow lawns and act like humanoids as industry targets the consumer market.
3	Endangered bird dies in captivity SAN DIEGO - The only captive member of what may be the world #39;s most endangered species of bird has died in Hawaii, zoo officials announced Tuesday.
2	Winemaker Mondavi Plans an About-Face  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - One of the great names in  California quality wines wants to sell off the vineyards that  made it famous and devote itself to producing the mass-produced  wines it once mocked.
2	UK Judge Strikes Out Record Damage Claim Against FT A judge on Wednesday ruled to strike out a record 230.5 million pound (\$415 million) claim for special damages by British investment bank Collins Stewart against the Financial Times newspaper.
1	Seattle Starting LB Out for Season (AP) AP - Seattle Seahawks linebacker Anthony Simmons will have season-ending surgery to repair a broken left wrist.
2	Sprint and Nextel merger might work A possible merger of Nextel Communications, the fifth-ranked wireless carrier in the US, and Sprint, the third-largest, may be winning strategy, given the ferocious competition in the telecommunications industry.
0	N.Koreans Seek Refuge at Japan School in China (Reuters) Reuters - Seven people claiming to have defected\from North Korea sought refuge in a Japanese school in Beijing\on Friday, Japanese government officials said.
0	Egypt frees Israeli in prisoner swap Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli convicted of spying, in exchange for the release of six Egyptian detainees in a prisoner swap that signaled warmer ties between the countries.
0	Backgrounder: Leading candidates in Afghan election Following are brief profiles of the leading candidates in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election to be held on Saturday.
2	IATA Says Airline Fuel Bill Up USD\$10 Billion The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between USD\$3 billion and USD\$4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport Association said on Monday.
1	Cloud of doubt cast over Halkia #39;s feel-good win Wednesday night in the Olympic Stadium, a 25-year-old Greek woman named Fani Halkia won the gold medal in the 400-meter hurdles as more than 60,000 fans, many of them flag-waving countrymen, went wild.
1	Sonics power streak to nine TORONTO - The next phase of winning, after you #39;ve won at home and on the road, after you #39;ve blown out teams, captured nail-biters and overcome large fourth-quarter deficits, is to beat an opponent more than once.
3	Virginia Convicts NC Spammers A North Carolina man and his sister became the first two people convicted of a felony for sending fraudulent unsolicited commercial e-mail.
0	Asia-Pacific summit ends with anti-terror pledge SANTIAGO (AFP) - Asia-Pacific leaders, overpowered by the US-led  quot;war on terror quot; agenda, closed an annual summit vowing to shore up anti-terrorist defenses and target weapons of mass destruction.
0	Mine blast: Death toll rises Beijing - The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 66 on Friday with 82 still missing, the government said, as another 41 miners were reported killed or missing in two other accidents.
2	Stocks Near Flat, Starbucks, Techs Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. blue chips were near unchanged on\Thursday but technology stocks slipped, as a broker downgrade\on the semiconductor industry rattled investors, while\coffee-shop chain Starbucks (SBUX.O) disappointed with slowing\growth.
2	Interstate Bakeries Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Interstate Bakeries Corp. filed for  bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.3  billion in debt and weak demand for bread products amid the  popularity of low-carbohydrate diets.
1	Cal eager to prove itself -- again Berkeley is a philosophy class with John Searle, an economics seminar with George Akerlof or a protest march led by students with Noam Chomsky readers tucked in their hemp backpack.
3	UA #39;s Cassini Scientists Ready for First Close Titan Flyby The Cassini spacecraft is heading for its first close encounter with Saturn #39;s moon Titan tomorrow. University of Arizona scientists on the mission say Cassini will get its first real glimpse of Titan surface 
1	Wayne Rooney Joins Manchester United (AP) AP - Wayne Rooney joined Manchester United on Tuesday despite a last minute holdup caused by his broken foot.
0	Locusts invade Egypt SWARMS of pink locusts yesterday swept through Cairo in scenes recalling the biblical plague of Egypt. The swarms flew high above tall towers or swooped on to treelined streets, where scared pedestrians stamped on them or ran for cover.
2	British American Tobacco Main Brands #39; Sales Revived (Update2) British American Tobacco Plc, the world #39;s second-largest cigarette maker, said third-quarter sales of its main brands rebounded, reversing a first-half drop, and it gained market share in Canada after raising some prices.
3	Magma Breaks Surface at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Magma that has been rising inside Mount St. Helens after weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions finally pushed its way to the surface Tuesday, forming a new lava dome just behind the existing one in the volcano's crater.
3	Qwest, DirecTV bring satellite TV to Western states The two companies expand an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
1	Yankees rout Red Sox; take 3-0 series lead CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Ouch. There really is no other way to describe the New York Yankees trouncing of the Boston Red Sox in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series on Saturday night.
1	NCAA Denies Reinstatement for Williams (AP) AP - Southern California wide receiver Mike Williams has had his request to be reinstated denied Thursday by the NCAA.
1	Missing point, Celtics stumble AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- The turning point in last night's game came less than three minutes into the third quarter. That's when Gary Payton limped to the visitors' locker room after suffering a strained left hamstring.
0	Buckingham Palace Eyes Improving Security (AP) AP - Alarms and cameras at Buckingham Palace worked well in detecting the breach of security by a man dressed in a Batman costume, but it was still too easy for him to get onto a balcony, a minister said Tuesday after the latest intrusion embarrassed officials guarding the royal residence.
0	Sudan #39;s rebels, government gather for talks After 18 months of a deadly civil war in Sudan, rebel leaders and government officials are sitting down together to talk about peace.
0	At least three Palestinians dead as US vetoes UN resolution At least three Palestinians were killed and others were wounded early Wednesday as Israeli tanks shelled houses in the northern Gaza Strip.
0	Md. Officer's Army Leave A Fraud, Police Say  Officer Andrew Barnett of the Anne Arundel County police allegedly told his superiors last year that his nation needed him -- that his Army reserves unit had been activated and that he was headed to Iraq. With that, police say, Barnett was granted a leave from his job while continuing to collect his salary.
1	SEATTLE HOPE TO MAKE HISTORY The Seattle Seahawks finished two games behind the St Louis Rams in the NFC West last season. But with a victory over the Rams on Sunday at Qwest Field, the Seahawks will take complete control of the division.
2	Crude Oil Drops as Threats to Supply From Iraq, Russia Diminish Crude oil futures fell close to a one- month low on expectations a cease-fire in southern Iraq will reduce the sabotage of oil pipelines and supplies from Russia will increase.
3	News and Trends There is currently some confusion over the status of Sender ID in the IETF #39;s MARID working group which has been considering the proposed standard.
2	U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Fall (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a\second straight session on Wednesday as buyers' resistance to\higher prices spawned a wave of profit-taking.
3	Nokia gets a slice of BlackBerry pie Finnish phone giant is the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless e-mail service.
1	Milan close in on Juve AC Milan closed the gap on leaders Juventus to four points on Sunday after receiving a helping hand from city-rivals Internazionale.
3	Apple iTunes Hits 200 Million Sales Apple announced yesterday that over 200 million songs have been sold via the iTunes online music store. According to Eddie Cue, Apples VP of Applications, the amount of sales/downloads from iTunes has vastly accelerated since its launch in April 2003.
2	Cable  amp; Wireless to cut 600 more jobs The telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless today said it would cut another 600 jobs and return 250m to investors as it reaches the halfway mark in a three-year recovery plan.
1	Owners plan Silverstone facelift The British Racing Drivers #39; Club plan to begin work towards improving Silverstone now they have the security of a five-year grand prix contract in place.
2	Test of US missile defence shield fails An attempt to launch an interceptor missile as part of the US missile defence shield failed early Wednesday in the first test of the system in nearly two years.
1	China Sighs in Relief as Yao Scores High  BEIJING (Reuters) - China breathed a measured sigh of  relief after the skills of its basketball giant Yao Ming  dwarfed New Zealand to sweep his team nearer to their goal of  reaching the Athens Olympics semi-finals.
0	Palestinian Militants Fire Rocket in Gaza (AP) AP - Palestinian militants fired three mortar shells and a homemade rocket toward Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip on Sunday, the army spokesman said.
3	UK scientists bring hydrogen cars closer British scientists have used nanotechnology to trap and store hydrogen gas for a new generation of fuel cell car engines, they report today.
3	New Palm Operating System Targets Smart Phones By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- PalmSource Inc...
2	US Treasuries Cut Losses on Job Woes Hint  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries trimmed early losses on  Monday as evidence of sluggish hiring by U.S. manufacturers   suggested little need for the Federal Reserve to be more  aggressive in hiking interest rates.
0	US allows Iraqis back to Tal Afar homes Anxious civilians trickled back into Tal Afar Tuesday, digging through the rubble of buildings flattened during a nearly two-week siege by US-led forces targeting 
0	Israeli Troops Kill Two Palestinians in New Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces shot and\killed two Palestinians on Tuesday in separate incidents in the\West Bank and Gaza Strip.
0	Typhoon Tokage Kills 18 in Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon blasted across Japan on Wednesday, killing 18 people, causing deadly mudslides and flash floods and prompting thousands to flee their homes, officials said. At least 13 people were missing.
1	Tennessee to Start Freshman Quarterback (AP) AP - Brent Schaeffer will become the first true freshman to start at quarterback for Tennessee in a season opener when the Vols plays UNLV on Sunday.
3	City Survives Art Geek Invasion This year's Ars Electronica festival turned the city of Linz, Austria, into one big digital art installation, featuring everything from car alarms programmed with laugh tracks to messages broadcast by antelope horn. By Michelle Delio.
1	Roundup: Williams upset in Kremlin Cup Venus Williams was upset by unseeded Elena Bovina 6-3, 6-2, in a Kremlin Cup quarterfinal Friday that lasted little more than an hour.
2	Weak Dollar Seen Pinching Developing Countries Developing countries with substantial reserves in US dollars will lose wealth if the American currency depreciates further, but are unlikely to quickly offload their 
1	Federer pulls out of Paris Masters Roger Federer will miss next week #39;s Paris Masters with a torn left thigh, making Andy Roddick the tournament #39;s No. 1-seeded player.
1	Singh could overtake Woods as No. 1 AKRON, Ohio  Vijay Singh can make official this week what most already believe: That he, not Tiger Woods, is the world #39;s No. 1 player. 
1	Harvard and Penn's Ivy tale a familiar story Something has to give -- either 15th-ranked Harvard's status as the nation's only undefeated Division 1-AA team or 17th-ranked Penn's 20-game Ivy League winning streak -- when the teams square off Saturday in Philadelphia.
1	No More '1918' Taunts for Lowe to Hear (AP) AP - Derek Lowe stood in the boisterous Boston clubhouse, a bottle of champagne in one hand, a cigar in the other.
2	Free Google search for PC desktops Google has released a free search tool which sits on the PC desktop and can search its host computer for virtually anything. Launched on Thursday, it blends a search of hard-drive files, emails, recently visited 
2	Help Wanted (for a Better Way to Count Jobs) Online employment indexes that focus on Internet job listings may establish themselves as forward-looking indicators of trends that will appear later in the government surveys.
2	Non-OPEC Nations Should Up Output-Purnomo  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Non-OPEC oil exporters should consider  increasing output to cool record crude prices, OPEC President  Purnomo Yusgiantoro said on Sunday.
3	A New Crew Arrives at the Space Station A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex.
1	Bonds Gets No. 700 Barry Bonds hits his 700th home run Friday night, toppling another milestone and edging closer to Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron with a blast off of San Diego's Jake Peavy.
3	IBM Carves New RFID Unit The Sensor and Actuator Solutions group will create services and software related to RFID systems. By Laurie Sullivan. IBM has created the Sensor and Actuator Solutions group to support devices such as those used in radio-frequency identification setups.
1	Cink still afloat AKRON -- What #39;s already been a great week for Stewart Cink could get even better today if he can finish the job he started Thursday in the \$7 million NEC Invitational at Firestone Country Club.
3	New bug in open source database MySQL Users of the open-source MySQL database could be at risk from remote attacks from a bug in phpMyAdmin, the web-based MySQL administration tool.
0	Palestinian elections crucial: Erakat JERUSALEM : Holding Palestinian leadership elections is crucial, negotiations minister Saeb Erakat said, one day after gunmen opened fire in the presence of PLO chief Mahmud Abbas, killing two policemen.
2	Away on Business: Self-Service Travel  CHICAGO (Reuters) - In today's corporate climate, where  self service means saving money, business travelers are  increasingly asked to make their own air, lodging and rental  car arrangements through online programs.
2	Four former El Paso natural gas traders charged HOUSTON - Four former El Paso Corp. natural gas traders have been charged with making false reports used to calculate the index price of natural gas, US Attorney Michael Shelby said Wednesday.
1	Notebook: Injured Wistrom will miss 4-6 weeks KIRKLAND - They had managed to avoid the injury bug, for the most part, for the first four games of the season. But misfortune finally caught up with the Seahawks the way it has with a bevy of other NFL teams.
0	Australia to impose 1,000-mile  #39;terror exclusion zone #39; In a controversial and possibly illegal step, Australia plans to intercept and board ships on the high seas if it believes them to be a terrorist threat.
2	Yen Cuts Losses But Oil Threat Persists  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen recouped some of its losses  against the dollar and the euro on Wednesday, but traders said  it would likely weaken further if oil prices keep striking  record highs.
2	Economic growth stalls in US THE US economy braked harder than first thought in the second quarter, skidding to a 2.8 per cent annual growth rate as consumers gripped their purses, new figures showed overnight.
1	Dawgs match up well with Auburn This week #39;s schedule may not be loaded with marquee matchups, but there are plenty of games Saturday with huge BCS implications.
1	Here are 10 things you should know about the No. 1 golfer in the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The number of the day is 10. As in 10 million dollars, which is what Vijay Singh has won this year on the PGA Tour. As in 10 victories, which Singh is going for this week (and will probably get, since he won 
1	Wenger stays calm despite setback Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to panic after his side were pegged back to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League.
2	Eurozone finance ministers mull rising euro, stability pact BRUSSELS (AFP) - Eurozone finance ministers were to focus at a meeting on the rise of the single currency to record levels against the dollar, with swelling deficits also set to share the limelight.
1	Newton North's Barnicle headed to nationals NEW YORK -- Second time's a charm for Newton North senior Chris Barnicle. After finishing 10th last year, he won the Foot Locker Northeast Regional cross-country race yesterday at Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx with a time of 15 minutes 27.2 seconds.
0	Bush says Kerry was 'more heroic' George W Bush says his rival for the presidency, John Kerry, was the "more heroic" for having served in Vietnam.
2	Jardine chief quits as profits warning savages shares Jardine Lloyd Thompson, the country #39;s biggest insurance broker, issued a swingeing profits warning yesterday and announced its chief executive had quit.
3	AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips to customers Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD Inc.'s) 90-nanometer notebook processors are on their way to customers, according to a research note published by Goldman Sachs   Co. Thursday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
0	Unknown group claims responsibility for Egypt bombings A previously unknown group calling itself the  quot;Islamic Unity Brigades quot; has claimed responsibility for a series of bombings in Egypt #39;s Sinai peninsula targeting Israeli tourists.
0	Syria, Lebanon Reject Foreign Criticism of Ties (Reuters) Reuters - Syria and Lebanon rejected any outside\role in shaping their relations Sunday, a day after a top State\Department official said Damascus should pull its troops from\its small neighbor.
2	Q2 #39;s current-account deficit widens to record \$166.2 bln CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- The dollar declined Tuesday following a Commerce Department report that showed a broad US measure of trade and investment flows swelled to a record deficit in the second quarter.
3	Cisco beefs up broadband offering Networking giant buys start-up P-Cube, a maker of software for controlling, monitoring and billing for IP services.
0	More feared dead after quake in Indonesia #39;s Papua A series of aftershocks in Indonesia #39;s remote Papua province on Saturday hampered rescue efforts a day after a major earthquake killed at least 13 people and injured 65.
2	Parmalat adds Credit Suisse Extraordinary commissioner Enrico Bondi has filed a claim against CSFB in a Parma court in connection with a forward sale agreement between the bank and Parmalat dating from January 2002. 
0	Annan Vows to Protect U.N. Staff from Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Those behind the "cold-blooded murder"\of 22 people at the United Nations office in Baghdad one year\ago must be held to account, no matter how long it takes to\find them, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Thursday.
1	HUGHES: I SAID NO TO UNITED MARK HUGHES last night revealed he turned down a cushy number with Manchester United because he wanted to be his own man - and his own manager.
3	MyDoom Virus Writing Not a Resume Builder  quot;There #39;s no way anyone would hire them to fight viruses, quot; said Sophos security analyst Gregg Mastoras.  quot;For one, no security firm could maintain its reputation by employing hackers.
1	Italy: Inter Milan ties Juventus Serie A leader Juventus blew a two-goal, second-half lead and had to settle for a 2-2 tie with Inter Milan on Sunday, losing ground to defending champion AC Milan.
0	Peru to Again Seek Fujimori Extradition from Japan (Reuters) Reuters - Peru will submit a second request to\Japan to extradite former President Alberto Fujimori to face\charges of corruption, the Peruvian Embassy said Friday.
1	Owen Profits in Real Romp Michael Owen continued to profit in the Primera Liga with his sixth goal in eight games for Real Madrid while England team-mate David Beckham allayed concerns over his fitness by starting against Albacete tonight.
3	WWI bodies are found on glacier The preserved remains of three Austrian soldiers are found on an Italian glacier, 86 years after they died.
1	Montreal Expos Fans Set to Bid Adieu to Team Fans of the Montreal Expos prepared to bid adieu on Wednesday, as Canada #39;s first big league baseball team appeared set to move to Washington.
3	HD-DVD Gains Three Backers November 29, 2004 - After months of momentum for Blu-ray, HD-DVD has shot back with a big gain - studio support. Toshiba Corp., which has been developing the HD-DVD format, announced it has lined up Warner Bros.
1	Younger Brother of TV Personality Allegedly Killed by Boxer  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - James "the Harlem Hammer"  Butler pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of freelance  sportswriter Sam Kellerman, the younger brother of Fox Sports  Net's television host Max Kellerman.
2	3 Gulf states promise to increase oil output to stabilize price Three Gulf countries -- the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Kuwait and Saudi Arabia -- promised Sunday to increase their oil output capacity to help stabilize world prices, the official WAM news agency reported.
1	NBA Wrap: James Leads Cavaliers Past Pistons LeBron James scored a career-high 43 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers to their seventh win in eight games, a 92-76 home victory over the stuttering Detroit Pistons on Wednesday.
0	U.S. Links Peru Airline to Trafficking The Treasury Department added a Peruvian airline Wednesday to the U.S. government's list of entities suspected of links to drug trafficking.
2	Greenspan Says Oil Prices Not Problem for Economy Greenspan noted that even with the recent surge, energy prices are still only three-fifths as high, after adjusting for inflation, as they were at their all-time peak in February 1981.
1	They're letting their hair down They are baseball's Delta House, the ragtag Pointer Brothers of Yawkey Way. Winning just about every game on their march to the playoffs, the 2004 Red Sox look like they're going on down to Yasgur's farm to join in a rock 'n' roll band.
0	Captives Escape After Hours of Pitched Battles More than 700 hostages were rushed to hospitals, but many bodies lay in the charred wreckage of the school's gymnasium.
3	ANALYSIS: Hollywood studios fire heavy salvo in DVD format war True, Monday #39;s thunderbolt from Tinseltown may not be enough to settle the DVD format war. But in a synchronized cluster bomb of press releases, the powerful content producers have sent a clear message to 
0	Court clears Trevi of sex charges Former Mexican pop star Gloria Trevi is cleared of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
3	Apple shares show no signs of falling Apple Computer #39;s stock has continued to soar along with sales of its iPod digital music player, topping \$50 a share for the first time in four years.
1	Angels try to keep pace with A #39;s The Anaheim Angels will again try to grab a share of the division lead and further hinder the Texas Rangers chances of winning the West when the teams continue their four-game series at Ameriquest Field in Arlington.
1	Earnhardt closing in on Busch without lost points Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
0	As Arafat worsens, leaders prepare funeral PARIS -- Yasser Arafat's coma deepened and his condition deteriorated dramatically yesterday according to the Palestinian leadership, who visited him at a Paris hospital and then returned to the West Bank to declare that his life was now ''in the hand of God. quot;
0	Bin Laden driver arraigned in first Guantanamo hearing Osama bin Laden #39;s chauffeur was arraigned Tuesday at the first US military tribunal since World War II, appearing at a pretrial session as defense lawyers sought to challenge the process.
0	Williams standing firm in dispute with Ottawa over offshore revenues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams came out swinging again Wednesday in his ongoing dispute with Ottawa and Prime Minister Paul Martin over the province's claim to offshore oil revenues.
0	Judge's Decisions Draw Notice, for Being Conspicuously Late Judge George Daniels of Federal District Court in Manhattan has 289 motions in civil cases pending - more than any federal judge in the nation.
3	Programs: for Stealth Lovers, 'Thief' Is a Steal (Reuters) Reuters - One of the joys of the games\in the "Thief" series is the ability to sneak up on opponents,\quietly take them out with a good knock on the noggin, and then\dump their body in the shadows so you can resume your hunt for\loot.
1	Clemson, South Carolina players suspended for fight Six Clemson players and six South Carolina players were suspended one game by their conferences on Monday for participating in a brawl during a game between the in-state rivals on Nov. 20.
1	Rams starting CB Fisher breaks arm Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - St. Louis Rams starting cornerback Travis Fisher suffered a broken arm during the first half of the team #39;s 24-7 preseason loss to the Kansas City Chiefs Monday night.
0	With anti-terror pledge Indonesian challenger set to win presidential election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) - A former general who has pledged to get tough on terrorism and fix the economy was headed for a landslide win over incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia's landmark elections Monday, according to a nationwide sampling of votes.
3	Virgin plans China mobile service Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson says the firm is in talks with a Chinese company over starting a mobile phone service in mainland China.
0	From War-Torn to Wonderland Honduras and other Central American countries once embroiled in war have become hot markets for affordable beachfront property.
2	Wheels of Justice Flatten Fannie Can the Fannie Mae (FNM:NYSE - news - research) scandal now take its place as the Enron-sized debacle it long has been shaping up as?
1	Molik stays on course for second tournament win in row Alicia Molik came back to beat French teen Tatiana Golovin 3-6, 6-4, 6-4 in the SEAT Open quarterfinals Friday, moving closer to winning her second WTA Tour title in two weeks.
0	Bush warns Iran and North Korea US President George W Bush is stepping up pressure on North Korea and Iran to abandon their nuclear weapons programmes. At the Apec summit of Pacific-rim countries in Chilean capital Santiago Mr Bush has been 
2	Marsh  amp; McLennan Chairman Resigns Post Jeffrey W. Greenberg, chairman and chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., which is the target of a bid-rigging investigation by New York #39;s attorney general, submitted his resignation on Monday, the company said.
0	Australian PM to crackdown on unions (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has vowed to use his government's expanded control over parliament to push through industrial relations, laws which unions said would be the most restrictive in the western world.
2	Econ Edge: The Economic Week This week will see the release of October new and existing home sales, a measure of strength in the housing industry. But the short holiday week will also leave investors looking ahead to the holiday travel season.
0	Fatah movement demands causes of Arafats death The Palestinian Fatah Movement threatened to boycott the upcoming presidential elections unless the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s is revealed.
0	Abductions in Iraq a big business Groups tied to Abu Musab Zarqawi claim a major car bombing Tuesday, taking Westerners as hostages. By Howard LaFranchi. BAGHDAD - When a disciplined group of uniformed men kidnapped two Italian aid workers 
2	Oil Futures End at Record High for Fifth Session Benchmark light, sweet crude futures for November rose 33 cents to settle at a new record high of \$53.64 a barrel, after reaching an intraday high of \$53.
1	Finland and Sweden Draw 4-4 in Thriller in World Cup Hockey  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland and Sweden drew 4-4 draw in a  pulsating World Cup ice hockey match on Saturday that put the  Finns one step closer to a semi-final berth.
1	Healthy Iverson vows changes this season Allen Iverson declared Monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate. Calling last year  quot;the worst season of my career, by far, quot; Iverson 
3	Microsoft to Release Next Version of Windows in 2006 By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) will drop a much-touted new technology for organizing and storing data when it releases the next version of its Windows operating system as expected in 2006...
3	New Video Game Recreates Kennedy Assassination (Reuters) Reuters - A new video game to be released on\Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of U.S.\President John F. Kennedy.
2	IT blueprint for 2005 This weeks issue recognizes the smartest, most creative, and, well, coolest IT projects of 2004. But the InfoWorld 100 is more than simply another collection of well-meaning (and well-deserved) awards. It is also a blueprint -- a living document that provides real, useful editorial direction.
0	Iran's President Khatami begins Sudan visit (AFP) AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami arrived in Khartoum to start a three-day visit to Africa's biggest country whose government has come under pressure to act over what the United Nations terms a humanitarian crisis in the western region of Darfur.
0	Hurricane Jeanne Slams Into Florida's East Coast (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Jeanne slammed into\Florida with 115 mph winds and blinding rain on Saturday,\punching a coastal region still scarred from Hurricane Frances\three weeks ago.
3	Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Video game publisher Acclaim  Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AKLM.PK qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AKLM.PK&lt;/A&gt;, which has been hampered by a lack  of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday  after failing to line up new financing.
0	Chirac Sees Opportunity in China #39;s Economic Surge French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy 
1	A 53-Minute Dress Rehearsal for Serena Williams Warming up in black, knee-high tennis boots, Serena Williams rolled to a 6-1, 6-3 victory over Sandra Kleinova on opening night at the United States Open.
3	MSN Desktop Search is quite capable It now feels amazing how we have lived without this particular feature since ages now. Google introduced desktop searching to the world in spite of the fact lesser-known products existed since a long time.
3	Apple iTunes locks out older versions Apple has activated previously-announced plans to close its Music Store to users of earlier versions of iTunes. The company revealed its intent last month, when iTunes users accessing the 
0	Kerry Wins Fans Abroad with Global Warming Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next\month's U.S. elections.
0	Two cases of abuse alleged at base  GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba -- Two new cases of detainee abuse have surfaced at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp, including one in which a US military commander failed to properly investigate a prison guard who threw cleaning solvent on a terror suspect.
1	Club should have pulled trigger earlier Larry Bowa wasn #39;t going to be the manager of the Phillies next year. He wasn #39;t even going to be the manager of the Phillies next week.
3	Fujitsu and Cisco form router alliance December 6, 2004 San Jose, CA and Tokyo, Japan -- Fujitsu Ltd. and Cisco Systems Inc. have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable 
1	Lions defenders get after Warner Like a big, real-life Buddha, he slumped on the stool in front of his locker stall espousing to his audience how it was that a Detroit Lions team that entered this 
2	Sony to launch slim PS2 console in November Sony announced on Tuesday that it is planning to launch a smaller and lighter version of its popular PS2 gaming console in November.
0	Pakistan Soldiers Kill Four Militants, Truce Agreed Pakistan #39;s military and al Qaeda-linked militants agreed to a 10-day truce on Monday, the day the army killed four Islamic militants including two foreigners in a tribal region near Afghanistan, officials said.
1	American Miller wins men #39;s World Cup giant-slalom ski competition LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - American Bode Miller won his first World Cup super-giant slalom race Sunday, giving him his third consecutive victory of the season and moving him into an exclusive club.
3	Report: Embedded Wi-Fi Market Shift Taking Place Embedded Wi-Fi products are taking off, and their popularity is likely to grow at an accelerating pace, according to In-Stat/MDR. The market for embedded Wi-Fi clients -- including mobile PCs 
3	DDR RAM Round-up &lt;strong&gt;Group Review&lt;/strong&gt; Not yet ready for DDR 2? Then make the most of the original
1	Colvin likes getting in on action FOXBOROUGH -- It all feels different to Rosevelt Colvin. A 10-1 season feels different than the 13-3 season he experienced with the Chicago Bears under Dick Jauron in 2000.
1	Chelsea Impressive in Opening Match (AP) AP - Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win on Didier Drogba's two goals, Arsenal needed an own-goal for victory and defending champion FC Porto was held to a 0-0 draw on the opening night of the Champions League season.
3	Sony Walkman to support MP3 format &lt;a href="http://news.com.com/SonylaunchesmusicplayerswithMP3support/2100-1041_3-5425555.html"&gt;Sony launches music players with MP3 support&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;CNET News.com&lt;/nobr&gt;
3	Conn. Man Charged with Selling Secret Windows Code A Connecticut man was arrested on Tuesday on charges that he illegally sold a secret source code used for Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSFT.
3	Puretunes.com settles Record Companies #39; Copyright Infringement &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES (IFPI) - The company and operators behind the Puretunes.com website, an online service which formerly sold unauthorized unlimited music downloads, have agreed to an out-of-court settlement of a copyright infringement lawsuit brought last year 
1	Benson Leads No. 5 Texas Over Rice 35-13 (AP) AP - Cedric Benson and the Texas running machine keep rolling along. Benson rushed for 189 yards and a touchdown and Vince Young passed for three scores to his tight ends as No. 5 Texas beat Rice 35-13 Saturday night.
3	DNA Fingerprint Discoverer Has Concerns LEICESTER, England Sept. 8, 2004 - One morning 20 years ago, Alec Jeffreys stumbled upon DNA fingerprinting, identifying the patterns of genetic material that are unique to almost every individual.
3	NASA experimental scramjet prepares for Mach 10 attempt LOS ANGELES -- The future of hypersonic flight is uncertain, but next week a tiny unmanned NASA jet will try to hurtle into that unknown on a one-way trip at 10 times the speed of sound.
1	Patterson makes it an all-around sweep for US Two decades later, it #39;s time to make room for Carly Patterson as America #39;s next reigning champion of Olympic women #39;s gymnastics. 
2	Oil prices climb back over \$50 In Asian trade, US light crude hit \$50.28 a barrel, the highest since the record \$50.47 one week ago. London #39;s Brent crude opened higher Tuesday, up 46 cents at \$46.
0	Observers Foresee Snags in U.S. Election (AP) AP - Problems loom for the presidential election including voting equipment changes that could delay the outcome past Nov. 2, a group of international observers said Tuesday in a report.
1	Storm 70, Lynx 58 Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the Seattle Storm past the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday in the first game of their WNBA Western Conference semifinal series.
0	Pakistan in  #39;al-Qaeda #39; arrests At least five suspected terrorists, with alleged links to al Qaeda, have been arrested in Pakistan. It is claimed they had been plotting to launch suicide attacks on government leaders and the US Embassy.
1	Justin Langer smashes New Zealand Nothing much changed for New Zealand on day 2 of the second test match between Australia and New Zealand. Australia are dominating like they did on the first day and with Justin Langer completing his double 
1	Weather Doesn #39;t Impede Els Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship in Thomastown, Ireland by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under-par 64, giving him a two 
0	Australia #39;s Labor Leader Latham Hospitalized With Pancreatitis Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The leader of Australia #39;s main opposition Labor Party, Mark Latham, has been hospitalized with pancreatitis, according to a statement released by his party. 
1	Having the final say FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots have won 20 games in a row, and yesterday they tied the NFL record for most consecutive regular-season wins (17). Those are feats that take all the emotion the players can muster week after week.
2	Tyson, Union Ratify Iowa Plant Contract (Reuters) Reuters - Workers at the Tyson Foods Inc. \retail deli plant in Cherokee, Iowa, ratified a five-year labor\agreement, which includes bonus pay, a competitive health-care\plan, and a flexible retirement savings program, Tyson said on\Thursday.
2	Hopes rise for Alitalia rescue Talks between Alitalia and the airline #39;s unions continued on Tuesday as hopes rose of side-stepping bankruptcy before Wednesday #39;s deadline.
3	Mind Over Matter Neuroscientists and biomedical engineers have become increasingly adept at making devices that translate people's thoughts into actions -- a potential boon for paralyzed patients.
2	Dollar #39;s decline concerns UK bank LONDON The possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for US assets has become a potential risk to financial stability, the Bank of England said on Monday in its semiannual Financial Stability Review.
0	Six pupils injured by Israeli tank shell in Gaza school &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY (AFP) -- Eight Palestinian schoolboys and one of their teachers were wounded on Sunday after Israeli troops opened fire at their primary school in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian medical sources said.
3	Microsoft hunts for fake XP Microsoft is hoping to beat the fraudsters and trace large-scale counterfeiters of Windows XP OEM with a free checking and replacement scheme for users.
3	Transmeta's M8800  Efficeon Processor Powers Down New version of the Efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1-GHz speed.
2	DoCoMo and Motorola talk phones Japanese mobile phone company DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola, the world's second largest handset maker.
1	Tennessee Titans Team Report A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against 
1	Tar Heels Top Hoosiers Rashad McCants scores 19 points and Raymond Felton adds 18 as No. 9 North Carolina edges Indiana, 70-63, on Wednesday.
0	Suicide Bombers Kill 20 Iraqi Security Personnel  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Suicide bombers killed 20 members of  Iraq's fledgling security forces near a U.S. marine base west  of Baghdad and at a checkpoint north of the capital on Saturday  in a spate of guerrilla attacks across the country.
0	UK carbon output 'under-reported' The UK government is misleading people by failing to report all the carbon emissions it is causing, campaigners say.
1	Ulmer gives Carter golden advice ATHENS: A soothing pre-race pep talk with newly-crowned cycling champion Sarah Ulmer helped Hamish Carter turn a childhood dream into reality and bury his Olympic demons with a coveted triathlon gold in Athens last night.
2	Kmart Names Lewis As President, CEO Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. said Monday that it named Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive and a director, effective immediately.
1	Red Sox Have Some History to Be Proud Of (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox call themselves idiots  #151; too stupid to realize that they aren't supposed be doing this.
2	Vodafone pays out 6bn but fears grow on margins Vodafone is to hand out 6bn to shareholders this year thanks to a doubling of its dividend and an increase in its share buy-back programme.
0	Arafat to Be Flown to Cairo on Friday - Aide  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Dead Palestinian leader  Yasser Arafat's body will be flown to Cairo for a ceremony  Friday and then to the West Bank city of Ramallah for burial  the same day, a former aide said Thursday.
2	Lucent eyes retiree benefit cuts Lucent Technologies Inc., one of the world #39;s biggest telecommunications equipment makers, is planning additional cuts in retiree health-care benefits, according to a published report Wednesday.
2	Fonterra bids US\$1 billion to buy out National Foods Fonterra Co-operative Group Ltd, the world #39;s largest dairy exporter, offered A\$1.34 billion (US\$1 billion) for the shares it does not own in National Foods Ltd, to expand milk sales in Australia and Asia.
0	Soldier confesses to Iraq abuses A US soldier pleads guilty before a court martial in Baghdad to maltreating prisoners at Abu Ghraib jail.
3	Microsoft, Swatch Partner on Wireless Watch Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a smart wristwatch that receives news, sports, weather and other information using Microsoft #39;s MSN Direct broadcast technology.
3	Microsoft Keeps Legal Options Against Office Alternative Microsoft #39;s settlement with Sun Microsystems includes a provision explicitly preserving Microsoft #39;s right to sue licensees of a free alternative to its dominant Microsoft Office software.
0	US embassy bomb plot trial opens Six suspected Islamic militants go on trial in Paris for an alleged plot to bomb the US embassy in 2001.
2	C amp;W continues fire sale, off-loads Japan division Network operator Cable and Wireless Tuesday announced it has agreed to sell its Japanese business, Cable  amp; Wireless IDC, to Softbank for 72.
0	Cocaine-Laden Plane Seized in Paraguay Paraguayan police captured a leading Brazilian drug trafficking suspect after a gunbattle with the occupants of a cocaine-laden plane near the border with Brazil, authorities said.
0	Egyptians Test Waters in Anticipation of Reform Mubarak's government tolerates registered opposition groups, but many unofficial organizations have begun operating since the late 1990s.
2	Medical Stocks Up 2.8 Percent on Week Medical-related stocks largely closed up Friday afternoon as Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. bought a sizable chunk of Cyberonics Inc.
3	New MyDoom Worms Exploit Unpatched IE Bug New versions of the MyDoom worm that began spreading late Monday afternoon are among the fastest-ever exploits of an unpatched Microsoft vulnerability, security experts said Tuesday.
2	McDonald #39;s: CEO Resting After New Surgery The chief executive of McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is recuperating after another surgery, the world #39;s largest fast-food company said on Saturday.
1	White Sox Sign Hermanson to Two-Year Deal  CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox have come  to terms on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with pitcher  Dustin Hermanson.
0	Mosul #39;s militants fight mostly from shadows These days, the violence in Iraq #39;s third-largest city is more like The Sopranos than Black Hawk Down. By Jim Macmillan, AP. About 40 dead bodies turned up across Mosul last week.
2	The man behind the deal Eddie Lampert has built a reputation as one of the investing world #39;s savviest money managers. By Yuval Rosenberg, CNN/Money contributing writer.
1	Other Voices: Red Sox, not Pedro, lacking loyalty It is much too easy to call Pedro Martinez the selfish one, to say he is walking out on the Red Sox, his baseball family, for the extra year of the Mets #39; crazy money.
1	Mississippi Fires Football Coach Cutcliffe OXFORD, Miss. Dec 1, 2004 - Mississippi coach David Cutcliffe was fired Wednesday after the team #39;s worst season in 10 years, a source close to the program told The Associated Press.
3	Gluecode releases open-source Java dev platform Infrastructure software developer Gluecode Software Inc. plans to release Monday a new Java application development platform that ties together a number of open-source components into one integrated system.
0	The Economist favours Kerry in US presidential vote (AFP) AFP - The Economist, the weekly bible of the world's top movers and shakers, said it is throwing its support behind Democratic challenger John Kerry in the upcoming US presidential election.
3	Sun  #39;Panther #39; Chip Doubles Clock Speed SAN JOSE, Calif.Sun Microsystems Inc. officials disclosed Tuesday that the UltraSparc IV  quot;Panther quot; chip will offer twice the performance of the UltraSparc IV.
3	Sanyo to jointly develop HD-DVD with Toshiba, NEC OSAKA, Aug 31, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Sanyo Electric Co. will jointly develop a next-generation DVD format, called HD-DVD, with Toshiba Corp.
0	BA plane makes emergency landing in Canada (AFP) AFP - A London-bound British Airways plane carrying 302 passengers from Phoenix, Arizona was diverted to Montreal for technical reasons, a spokesman for the airline told AFP.
3	Benefits computer failure chaos A huge systems crash causes delays in processing some claims at the work and pensions department.
3	Film Association To File Lawsuits Against Online Movie Swappers LOS ANGELES -- The Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday it will work with its members and other film studios to file lawsuits against people who have illegally traded digital copies of movies over the Internet.
1	E. Jordan Hospitalized Wizards coach Eddie Jordan was hospitalized Thursday after being diagnosed with a blood clot in his left leg, the team said.
0	 #39;Southern Thailand could be flashpoint for extremism in Asia #39; : Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, today warned southern Thailand risked becoming a flashpoint for Islamic extremism, after 85 Muslims died there last week in a confrontation with the army.
2	Best Buy sued for  #39;ripping off #39; consumers Giant US electronics retailer Best Buy has been sued by the State of Ohio over alleged unfair and deceptive business practices. 
1	Malloy #39;s Remarks on Firing at Notre Dame Gaining Applause As Notre Dame continued to search for a football coach yesterday, the former agent for the fired coach Tyrone Willingham applauded the criticism of the firing by the university #39;s president, the Rev.
0	Iraqi Airways flies again Iraqi Airways has resumed international service, flying from Amman to Baghdad in the national carrier #39;s first international flight in 14 years since being grounded by war and sanctions.
1	Dale Earnhardt: In the presence of a legend By Wayne Pearson, host of ESPN #39;s  quot;Ultimate Outdoors quot;. It #39;s been my experience that the term  quot;legend, quot; when describing an individual, has been tossed around all too freely.
3	mmO2 to launch speedy 3G The mobile operator explained it will be the first in Europe to offer HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) and IMS (Internet Protocol Multimedia Services) with download speeds of 3.6Mbps when it launches the service in the Isle of Man next summer.
2	Employers Planned More Layoffs in Nov. Planned job cuts at US companies climbed during November, a report said on Tuesday, a further sign of sluggishness in the labor market.
2	Airline Woes Reach Across The Atlantic ROME, Sept. 15 -- The airline industry shakeout that forced U.S. Airways Group Inc. into bankruptcy this week is rippling through Europe as well, with some forecasters predicting that only a handful of the continent's airlines can survive, and Italian authorities scrambling this week to keep national carrier Alitalia SpA aloft.
1	Studley is too much for Cambridge Down by 2 points, 77 yards from the end zone, and with only 14 seconds remaining, there was little Cambridge quarterback Matt O'Brien could do to change an inevitable outcome. The Falcons' quarterback managed to complete a pair of deep heaves, but when Peter Manns was tackled at the 12 with zeroes on the clock, the scoreboard read ...
2	Bristol-Myers Squibb Net Slumps Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY:NYSE - news - research) reported a sharply lower profit in the third-quarter as generic competition continued to eat away at drug sales and the company ratcheted up spending on research and development of new drugs.
3	Our Smiles Are in the Mail If the holiday cards you send include a family photo, a growing number of sites can help design and produce them.
0	Another citizen of US abducted BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman and militants released a tape yesterday showing the beheading of an Iraqi officer as a warning to those who deal with  quot;the infidel quot; Americans.
1	Gymnastics takes a tumble - Hamm and egg on judges #39; faces ATHENS : If they gave out medals for unhappiness and misery, Olympic gymnastics would provide a podium sweep. It seems everyone involved is peeved at someone, feeling slighted or robbed, and not even gold 
2	US Congress agrees huge tax bill The US Congress has agreed in principle a huge corporate tax bill providing tax breaks for manufacturers in return for repealing export subsidies.
0	Strategy for partnership With the European Unions (EU) expansion to 25 countries, it now accounts for 28 of world GDP and a market of 450 million. That closer commercial relationships with EU are desirable is obvious.
1	It #39;s Game Day! FROGS OPEN 2004 CAMPAIGN: The TCU Horned Frogs begin their 108th year of intercollegiate football when they host the Northwestern Wildcats out of the Big Ten on Thursday, September 2. The game will be televised nationally by ESPN2.
3	Brain Study Shows Why Revenge is Sweet  quot;A person who has been cheated is left in a bad situationwith bad feelings, quot; said study co-author Ernst Fehr, director of the Institute for Empirical Research in Economics at the University of Zurich in Switzerland.
0	Abbas Calls on Palestinians to Drop Armed Struggle  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said his  people should drop their weapons in the struggle for a state,  marking out a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel  after Yasser Arafat's death last month.
2	Update 1: Manufacturing Growth Slows in October Activity in the nation #39;s manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th straight month, but at a slower pace than the previous month, the Institute for Supply Management reported Monday.
2	Crude oil prices fall slightly on better crude supplies Crude oil prices fell slightly Friday, ending lower this week as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipated amid rising oil stockpiles.
3	Who's Recycling Techno Trash? No current figures exist for how much e-junk is recycled, but industry experts believe it's a sliver of the total. People don't know where to take their used electronics, and toxic components are a mounting problem.
3	Firefox, bah humbug By John Carroll Special to ZDNet November 4, 2004, 6:11 AM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
1	Fiesty Cubs Take Series HOUSTON - In a heated game between Central division rivals, the Cubs out slugged the Astros to take the rubber game of the three game series.
1	Inkster Leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge (AP) AP - Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, looking to extend to her streak of winning a tournament to eight years, shot a 5-under 66 Friday and took a one-stroke lead over Christina Kim after two rounds of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
3	Pre-Dinosaur Reptile Discovered -- Long-Necked Hunter The ancient reptile had short and broad limbs with relatively few bones in the wrist and ankle joints, an indication that it was more adapted to an aquatic lifestyle than other protorosaurs.
2	Wall Street - 30 August 2004 New York - Investors may pack up and leave this week as the Republican national convention comes to New York and many on Wall Street take vacation, leaving stocks with little direction.
1	NBA Wrap: Magic Beat Mavericks, Heat Beat Wizards  ORLANDO, Fla. (Sports Network) - Hedo Turkoglu came off the  bench to contribute 19 points and Dwight Howard netted 15  points with 11 rebounds, leading the Orlando Magic over the  Dallas Mavericks, 94-84, at TD WaterHouse Center.
0	Singapore invited to check farms in Johor JOHOR BARU: The Singapore authorities have been invited to check chicken farms in Johor for avian influenza if the republic wants to import poultry from here.
0	Drug Smugglers Blamed in Afghan Attack KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 7, 2004 - The Afghan government on Thursday blamed drug smugglers not Taliban or al-Qaida fighters for a bomb attack on interim leader Hamid Karzai #39;s vice presidential running mate 
3	Homeland Security Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns Yoran helped form US-CERT, the government #39;s cybersecurity information clearing house, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39;s limited authority and budgets.
3	Gentlemen, start your gyros! Four months after launch, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft has begun its search for an elusive space-time vortex around Earth.
2	Stelios enters online music fray The founder of Easyjet confirms he is to enter the online music market in a partnership with UK-based download service Wippit.
1	Developing nose for ball FOXBOROUGH -- Growing up in southern Florida and playing at the University of Miami, it'd be natural to assume Patriots rookie Vince Wilfork was a Dolphins fan. Bad assumption. Wilfork hates the Dolphins. So what kind of day did the 6-foot-2-inch, 325-pound nose tackle have against the teal and orange yesterday?
2	OPEC plans to discuss raising its output ceiling VIENNA OPEC oil ministers are meeting on Wednesday in Vienna to consider changes to the group #39;s formal output ceiling even as crude prices remain high despite the cartel #39;s efforts to lower them.
3	Cash Bounties For Spammers Win Limited FTC Backing The Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave limited endorsement to offering cash rewards to people who help track down e-mail spammers, suggesting that such bounties might work but in fewer 
2	European Union willing to cut Airbus aid The European Union says if Washington will reduce aid to the Boeing Co., it #39;s willing to accept cuts in subsidies for Airbus Industries.
1	O #39;Leary re-signing nears Aston Villa manager David O #39;Leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with the Birmingham club.
0	Chalabi Escapes Assassination Attempt Gunmen opened fire on former Iraqi governing council president Ahmed Chalabi #39;s convoy on Wednesday, wounding two of his bodyguards, the politician and his aides said.
3	 #39;JpegOfDeath #39; Using Windows Weakness To Spread Trojan Security firm F-Secure warned that the latest Windows vulnerability appears to be attracting more than the typical interest among the hacking community and that given the speed at which the 
0	Seven Hostages Freed In Iraq 1 September 2004 -- Seven employees of a Kuwaiti firm taken hostage in Iraq on 21 July were freed today. Spokeswoman Rana Abu-Zaineh of the Kuwait and Gulf Link Transport Company confirmed that the three Kenyans 
0	Violence Continues in Fallujah U.S. troops pounded the insurgent stronghold Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents of the city to expel "foreign terrorists" and "murderers" to prevent an all-out attack.
3	Almost Here: Cellphones at 37,000 Feet For those who need to make telephone calls in flight and don't want to sell the second car to finance them, help is on the way.
1	Foundation built for Sox to succeed Years ago, the uniform numbers on the right-field roof at Fenway Park were displayed in the order in which they were retired. From left to right, the numbers read 9-4-1-8.
0	Romania Vote Marred by Fraud Charges Exit polls in key Romanian elections are showing a likely win for the ruling Social Democrats. But as in Ukraine, the opposition has demanded an investigation into voting irregularities.
1	Wannstedt steps down Dave Wannstedt resigned yesterday as Miami Dolphins coach, forced from the job by lousy luck, relentless speculation about his future, and eight losses in nine games.
2	Dollar Rallies, But Real Money Sidelined  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains early in New  York on Tuesday as dealers continued to pare back bets against  the dollar in predominantly technical trading.
0	Cambodia Approves Tribunal for Khmer Rouge Leaders fter years of delays, the Cambodian Parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations today to create an international tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime for 
1	Fulham call in lawyers over brawl Fulham have brought in lawyers for advice on the best way to fight a mass of Football Association disciplinary charges which could also land manager Chris Coleman and several of his players with major suspensions and fines.
2	Northrop Third-Quarter Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Northrop Grumman Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NOC.N&lt;/A&gt;  reported higher third-quarter earnings on Wednesday and an 11  percent increase in sales on strength in its mission systems,  integrated systems, ships and space technology businesses.
0	Arafat refuses to sign anti-corruption legislation Ramallah (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Yasser Arafat refused to sign anti-corruption legislation as demanded by Palestinian law-makers. In a long and tense speech to the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC), the 
0	Sharon in a spot George W. Bush is a product of the Wild West myth. He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.
3	NASA reveiws mixup that doomed capsule Five years ago, after two NASA missions to Mars were doomed by elementary mistakes -- a software glitch and a mix-up between English and metric units -- the space agency devised more elaborate 
1	Soccer: Luck and bold decisions save Sven #39;s job in Poland: British &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : Sven-Goran Eriksson is redeemed as England coach partly through luck but also because he took the bold selection decisions necessary ahead of England #39;s 2-1 victory over Poland, the British press said.
3	PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle Battle (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc. , which is\trying to fight off a hostile takeover by rival Oracle Corp.\, on Friday said its board had ousted President and\Chief Executive Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in\his ability to lead the software company.
2	Fiat and GM in secret talks Fiat #39;s chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, yesterday pressed Rick Wagoner, General Motors chairman, to take over the struggling Italian group at secret talks.
0	Kerry Uses Bush's Own Words to Call Him Unfit (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry\turned President Bush's own words against him on Thursday and\said it was the Republican incumbent who had jumped to\conclusions in Iraq, disqualifying him from being commander in\chief.
1	MLB: San Francisco 10, Los Angeles 0 Jason Ellison, Marquis Grissom and Deivi Cruz had two-run homers Sunday to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 10-0 rout of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
2	Shoppers Getting Into the Holiday Spirit US shoppers are starting to get into the holiday spirit, with indices on Tuesday showing sales picking up with only 10 shopping days until Christmas.
2	Unclear on overtime rules In a landmark overhaul of pay eligibility, the Labor Department and unions clash over how much clarity has really been attained. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
0	Arafat kin blames Israel Armed with Yasser Arafat #39;s weighty medical dossier, his nephew blamed Israel for the Palestinian leader #39;s death and refused yesterday to squelch rumors of poisoning -ven though 
3	An Apple rumor a day Now that Apple Computer has its shitake mushrooms together, it apparently is being coveted by IBM. Missing Links
1	College Football Report How good is Utah?  quot;They are a potential national-championship caliber team. Some people may question that, but they are playing good football and are as good as any team in the nation.
3	Virgin Mary on toast, but it #39;s a lot of dough NEW YORK: The Lord may move in mysterious ways but his mother, it is claimed, has chosen a rather ordinary piece of cheese on toast to make herself known to the world.
2	Stocks End Up, But Near Year Lows (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks ended slightly higher on Friday\but stayed near lows for the year as oil prices surged past  #36;46\a barrel, offsetting a positive outlook from computer maker\Dell Inc. (DELL.O)
1	Jones in Long-Jump Final; Johnson Falters (AP) AP - Marion Jones made a quiet debut, drawing a smattering of applause while advancing to the long jump final. Allen Johnson attracted the eyes of the entire Olympic Stadium, for all the wrong reasons.
2	When prices, pay don't add up DEDHAM -- After more than 25 years of sitting in the same rickety chairs and eating at the same worn table, Peter and Joan Stefans were more than ready to replace the decades-old dining set handed down from Joan Stefans's parents. But almost as soon as they started looking, the bills landing in their mailbox persuaded them to stop.
2	NTT DoCoMo, Cingular to link in 3G cellphone business Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo will join hands with Cingular Wireless of the United States, aiming to unify technical specifications for third-generation (3G) cellphones and services.
2	Federal government confirms 2003-04 budget surplus of \$9.1 billion OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government confirmed Wednesday that its tax intake massively outweighed spending in the past fiscal year - producing a budget surplus of \$9.
0	Zimbabwe 'faces food shortages' MPs say Zimbabwe will run out of food before next year's harvest, despite government assurances.
0	Kerry Looks to Avoid Gore Recount Errors (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry, bracing for a potential fight over election results, will not hesitate to declare victory Nov. 2 and defend it, advisers say. He also will be prepared to name a national security team before knowing whether he's secured the presidency.
1	Cincinnati QB Expects to Start in Bowl (AP) AP - Cincinnati quarterback Gino Guidugli has the cast off his broken throwing hand and expects to start when the Bearcats play in the Fort Worth Bowl next week.
3	MoD to save 600m with EDS #39; admin system The Ministry of Defence said it will save 600m over 10 years with a joint personnel administration system to serve all UK armed forces to be built by global IT services giant EDS.
1	Rain has the last laugh as second Test ends in a draw MADRAS, India - India and Australia both rued a missed opportunity of victory after bad weather ruined an absorbing climax to the second cricket Test on Monday.
0	Sharon renews threat to Arafat  quot;We acted against the heads of Hamas ... in a way we found right at the right time when it was convenient for us, quot;. Sharon said on Wednesday.
2	PPR shares down amid concern about French sector (AFP) AFP - Shares in Pinault-Printemps-Redoute lost some luster despite the French luxury and retail group reporting a third-quarter sales rise, as analysts pointed to slowing demand at the company's major stores in France.
2	Takers Line Up To Buy Hollywood Video Stores FORT WORTH, Texas -- The Movie Gallery video rental chain said Friday it #39;s offered to acquire video rental rival Hollywood Entertainment.
2	Greenspan #39;s act will be difficult to follow WASHINGTON When Alan Greenspan finally retires from the Federal Reserve, will he leave behind any of his DNA? After more than 18 remarkable years as Fed chairman, the owlish and idiosyncratic Greenspan will be required by law to step down in January 2006.
2	In naming their ventures, many owners get personal In casting about for a name for their new companies or products, entrepreneurs often decide to use their own. And it can work - look at the success of Ben  amp; Jerry #39;s and Dell.
2	Stocks in Retreat As Oil Nears \$50 Mark As crude oil futures head toward \$50 per barrel, stocks are in retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 31 points in today #39;s early going.
2	Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Up on Bush Re-Election Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Thursday as investors welcomed US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election to a second four-year term.
0	Awesome power of Iceland volcano A volcanic eruption in Iceland has set off tremors and prompted officials to warn pilots to avoid flying through gasses emitted by the blast.
2	AG sues to stop apparent telecom scam Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly moved yesterday to rescue nearly 200 Bay State businesses from an apparent telecommunications scam that bound many to pay \$100,000 or more for a black-box device called  quot;The Matrix quot; that turned out to be worthless.
0	Powerful Typhoon Chaba Hits Southern Japan High winds and torrential rain battered the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Monday as powerful typhoon Chaba hit the coast on its way north.
1	Petacchi snatches second stage win Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza for the second year running to take his second stage of the 2004 race on Tuesday.
0	ECB's Chief: Dollar-Euro Moves Unwelcome &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - The recent surge in theeuro currency is unwelcome and the U.S. Treasury's commitmentto a strong dollar is important, European Central BankPresident Jean-Claude Trichet said on Friday.&lt;/p&gt;
1	February check on 2012 bid Inspectors will assess London #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympics during a visit to the capital early in 2005. The International Olympic Committee said its evaluation commission will be in London from 16 to 19 February.
0	U.S. Frees 11 Afghan Prisoners at Karzai's Request (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has released 11 Afghans\held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba on suspicion of Taliban links\after a request from President Hamid Karzai, an Afghan official\said on Wednesday.
1	Sharapova, Hewitt advance at Japan Open TOKYO -- Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the Japan Open quarterfinals on Wednesday after overcoming a shaky second set to defeat Australian Samantha Stosur 6-4, 1-6, 6-3.
2	Nevada utilities win a chance to shed \$336 million Enron bill LAS VEGAS - The parent company of Nevada #39;s two major electric utilities has won a rehearing of a federal bankruptcy court ruling that said it owed more than \$300 million to energy trader Enron Power Marketing.
3	eBay , PayPal and the Virgin Mary &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Scammed &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; readers write
2	Cazenove links up with JP Morgan Cazenove, one of Britain's last independent investment banks, joins forces with US banking giant JP Morgan.
3	St. Helens #39; activity grows Experts say the recent surge of quakes means a steam explosion or eruption is possible. By Lukas Velush. The size and frequency of more than 2,000 tiny earthquakes that have hit Mount St.
3	Shuttle space centre surveys hurricane damage All three remaining space shuttles weathered Hurricane Frances without apparent damage, after the cyclone weakened before hitting the Florida coast south of Cape Canaveral.
1	Trojans dodge upset STANFORD, Calif. -- Matt Leinart passed for 308 yards and LenDale White scored on a 2-yard run with 6:15 left, capping top-ranked Southern California's comeback from an 11-point deficit for a 31-28 victory over Stanford last night.
0	At least 79 dead, 74 missing in China storms (AFP) AFP - At least 79 people were killed and 74 were missing in some of the worst storms southwest China has seen in many years, disaster relief officials said.
1	REGGINA BURST CAPELLO BUBBLE The Old Lady was finally humbled as Lady Luck teamed up with 10-man Reggina to bring coach Fabio Capello #39;s unbeaten run to an end with the Juventus team he inherited from Marcello Lippi in the summer.
2	El Paso gas traders have date with judge today Three or four former El Paso natural gas traders who had been told they #39;re targets of a criminal investgation are expected to make an appearance before a US magistrate judge at 2 pm today.
3	Dell CEO says AMD products are on the horizon In the annals of computer news, reports of Dell being near to using AMD products have become something akin to UFO sightings: lots of circumstantial evidence surfaces, but it never really quite happens.
3	Casio combines LCD and fingerprint sensor CHIBA, JAPAN -- Casio Computer Corp. has developed a fingerprint sensor layered on top of a 1.2-inch LCD screen, providing a convenient way for phone makers to incorporate biometric security into their handsets, a Casio official said Tuesday at the Ceatec 2004 show in Chiba, Japan.
3	Yahoo joins the search with Stata purchase Yahoo has snapped up privately-held e-mail software company Stata Labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments. The move, announced Thursday, generated speculation that the Internet powerhouse is gearing up to take on Google Inc.'s Gmail Webmail service, which features broad capabilities to search e-mail messages.
1	Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero Voted AL MVP Anaheim Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero singles to right against the Oakland Athletics during the fifth inning at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, Calif.
0	When a Video Game Stops Being Fun For players with ambitions to develop games, Electronic Arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
2	Mortgage rates take a tumble Long-term mortgage rates tumbled to six-month lows this week amid concerns the economic expansion may be losing steam. Defying expectations earlier this year that it would now hover around 6.5 percent, the 
2	New McDonald #39;s Chief Vows to Keep Strategy Unchanged The new chief executive of the McDonald #39;s Corporation, James A. Skinner, promised yesterday to continue the positive momentum the company has had for the last 18 months and make no significant 
2	Former CA boss Sanjay Kumar is indicted Indictments were handed down to Kumar and CA #39;s former head of sales, Stephen Richards, with both men charged with securities fraud and obstruction.
3	Microsoft #39;s  #39;patch #39; of worry NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Some colleges are fretting the release of Microsoft #39;s upgrade to its XP operating system -- whose release coincides with the opening of campuses around the country -- saying that multiple downloads of the patch could significantly 
0	Car Bombs Kill 24, Wound Over 100 in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs Monday near the symbol of U.S. authority in Iraq  #151; the Green Zone, where the U.S. Embassy and key government offices are located  #151; and hotels occupied by hundreds of foreigners. Two other explosions brought the day's bombing toll to at least 24 dead and more than 100 wounded.
1	Babson finishes strong to reach NCAA tourney For the 19th time in the program's history, the Babson College men's soccer team has advanced to the NCAA Division 3 tournament. Coached by Jon Anderson, a member of Babson's first (of three) national championship team in 1975, the Beavers started with a 4-3-1 record but bounced back to win 11 of their last 12 matches, including victories over nationally ...
0	US-Led Forces Widen Control in Rebel Iraqi City US and Iraqi forces tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of Samarra on Saturday with one of the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
3	Microsoft warns of critical vulnerability in JPEG images In its September security bulletin Microsoft has highlighted a  #39;critical #39; vulnerability in the processing of JPEG images across a huge swathe of its software products.
2	Northwest to Expand in Indianapolis Northwest Airlines plans to expand in Indianapolis, a move that will knock ATA from its No. 1 spot on its home turf by offering more flights than the bankrupt carrier.
2	Consortium to buy 47.7 stake in Indian mobile firm KUALA LUMPUR: A consortium comprising TM International, the international arm of Telekom Malaysia Bhd, and Singapore Technologies Telemedia, have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 stake in India #39;s leading cellular operator, IDEA 
3	Spinning Out Clear Winner Even Before Debate Begins Both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post-debate spin wars.
1	Tkachuk's 4 goals lift US Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist, leading the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory over Russia last night at St. Paul.
2	Telecom rockets amid buyback, 600 job cuts LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Cable  amp; Wireless, the UK and Caribbean business telecoms group, unveiled a restructuring and management reshuffle on Wednesday that will see around 600 jobs cut.
0	Loans to Vietnam South Korea will provide \$21 million in long-term low rate loans to Vietnam to help the Southeast Asian nation build an advanced environmental infrastructure, according to the Ministry of Finance and Economy.
2	BCE Hikes Dividend, Sees '05 Growth  MONTREAL (Reuters) - BCE Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCE.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BCE.TO&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  dividend increase in 10 years on Wednesday and said it expects  higher revenue and per share profit next year, mainly from  wireless, video and high-speed Internet services.
1	Top 10 in AP Women's Poll Stays Same (AP) AP - From LSU at No. 1 to Ohio State at No. 10, The AP women's basketball poll had no changes Monday.
1	Donald surges to Dunhill lead Luke Donald shot a 4-under-par 68 yesterday for a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship at St. Andrews, Scotland.
0	Pakistan #39;s Musharraf seeks Islamic scholars #39; help in terror fight ISLAMABAD : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf asked Muslim scholars to help curb extremism by isolating religious schools which harbor terrorists as Pakistani security forces arrested a suspected Al-Qaeda linked Arab militant in a raid.
2	Google market debut delayed Google's estimated \$3bn flotation has been delayed by at least a day as the firm awaits regulatory approval.
0	Ukraine president wants new election KIEV, Ukraine -- Facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled President Leonid Kuchma said Monday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former Soviet republic between the pro 
3	Google Interview Is Draw for Latest Playboy Issue (Reuters) Reuters - The new issue of Playboy magazine\isn't drawing attention in some circles for its trademark\centerfold but for an interview with the founders of Web search\engine Google Inc. that raised regulatory eyebrows.
0	Wife of N.Korean Leader Kim Jong-Il Dead -Report (Reuters) Reuters - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's wife\died of a heart attack earlier this month, South Korea's Yonhap\news agency said on Monday, quoting sources in Beijing.
1	Djorkaeff in Blackburn Talks Youri Djorkaeff is in talks with Blackburn, according to the Frenchman #39;s agent. The 36-year-old has been at Ewood Park discussing a move, but nothing has yet been agreed and it is understood that no medical has taken place yet.
1	O #39;Neal calls Kobe #39;s comments  #39;ridiculous #39; While being interviewed by Eagle County, Colo., police after his sexual encounter with a hotel employee, Lakers star Kobe Bryant said Shaquille O #39;Neal had paid up to \$1 million to women to keep them quiet about  quot;situations like this, quot; the Los Angeles 
1	Report: Bertuzzi near plea bargain Vancouver, BC (Sports Network) - Vancouver Canucks forward Todd Bertuzzi is close to reaching a plea bargain in his assault case, according to the Vancouver Province.
1	Redskins Coach Bemoans Questionable Calls (AP) AP - Apparently even a Hall of Fame coach doesn't get a break from the officials. Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs on Tuesday reviewed the tape of the previous night's loss to the Dallas Cowboys and determined he was on the wrong side of "two awful calls."
2	Senate Approves \$143B Corporate Tax Measure The move sends President Bush a 650-page measure that reduces taxes for domestic manufacturers, builders and even Hollywood studios and doles out scores of tax breaks for interests groups.
2	EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Oracle Corp is likely to win clearance  from the European Commission for its hostile \$7.7 billion  takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc., a source close  to the situation said on Friday.
3	ProSafe Smart Switch The ProSafe Smart Switch line from NETGEAR is positioned between their unmanaged and fully managed switches and offers basic Web (browser) based management capabilities primarily for small to medium sized businesses.
1	Playing Away Could Suit Europe -Torrance  LONDON (Reuters) - Former Ryder Cup-winning European  captain Sam Torrance believes this year's team will benefit  from defending the trophy on American soil next week.
0	Iran Says It Has No Secret Nuclear Activities  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran denied an exiled opposition group's  allegations it was secretly seeking material to build an atomic  bomb, a senior official said on Thursday.
2	SEC says it charges former NextCard execs of fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday it brought fraud and insider trading charges against former top executives of bankrupt credit card issuer NextCard Inc.
0	McCallum says no exemption for bilingualism in budget reviews (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The government turned aside attempts Tuesday by its language czar to exempt bilingualism initiatives from a spending review.
3	Former BEA executives launch open source company Three former BEA Systems executives who left earlier this year have resurfaced as founders of a Seattle start-up that plans to begin integrating and supporting a variety of open source server software next year.
0	Iraqi group claims Kurds #39; beheading An Iraqi group said it killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which cooperates with the Iraqi government, and posted a video tape on its web site of the apparent beheadings.
2	Mitsubishi Shareholders Approve Move Mitsubishi Motors Corp. shareholders approved a move Wednesday that was needed to accept new cash into the scandal-plagued Japanese automaker after DaimlerChrysler AG of Germany decided to withdraw further support.
1	A.L. Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
2	Greenspan warns on ageing threat Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warns that prompt action is needed to fund pensions for the ageing US population.
3	Microsoft #39;s internet browser gets caught in its own web Here #39;s an interesting question: why is Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) so bad? Not only is it outdated and tired compared with the competition, it is also exceedingly vulnerable to attack.
0	Volunteer Links Anti-Kerry Flier to GOP (AP) AP - A volunteer for John Kerry said Friday he picked up a flier in Bush-Cheney headquarters in Gainesville, Fla., promoting Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, a group the Bush campaign has insisted for weeks it has no connection to.
2	After Bell: Hot Topic Falls, Micromuse Up Shares of clothing retailer Hot Topic (HOTT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell nearly 10 percent in extended-hours trading on Monday after it cut its fourth-quarter earnings forecast, citing lackluster sales of accessories.
2	Stocks Look to Open Lower After Rally  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a  slightly lower market open on Monday as investors pause after  last weeks rally and mull an expected interest rate hike and a  weakening dollar.
1	Kasprowicz causes dilemma AUSTRALIA captain Ricky Ponting says the form of Michael Kasprowicz has left the world champions with a problem to solve ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy, which gets underway in England this week.
2	News Corp posts 28 rise in profit RUPERT MURDOCHS News Corp media empire has posted a 28 per cent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker performances in its film and Italian pay-TV divisions.
0	Bush Tries to Help U.S. Firms Invest in Libya  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration has asked  Congress to quickly lift a ban on U.S. Export-Import Bank loans  in Libya and said "timing is critical" to help American  companies invest in the oil-rich country, according to a letter  released on Tuesday.
1	BAYERN BORE BUNDESLIGA Bayern Munich have already been handed the tag of FC Bayern Boring after a lacklustre 1-0 victory over Arminia Bielefeld at the weekend.
3	Space Station Crew Plans New Missions STAR CITY, Russia Sept. 23, 2004 - The new crew to the international space station will conduct experiments to research new AIDS vaccines and plant growth, and work on new space vehicles that will help future 
3	PalmSource buys into China, Linux com December 8, 2004, 7:53 AM PT. PalmSource, which makes software for mobile devices, said Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire China MobileSoft in a deal expected to expand the 
0	Israeli FM praises French fight against anti-Semitism Israeli Foreign Minister Sylvan Shalom said here Wednesday that he was confident French authorities are making every effort to fight against anti-Semitism.
2	Cards no hamper for DJs results DAVID Jones has made a solid start to the financial year, yesterday posting a robust 9.3 per cent spike in first-quarter sales - smashing the performance of rival Myer.
1	BAGO BLASTS BACK FOR ARC GLORY Bago restored the lustre to his reputation with a sensational return to form in the Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe Lucien Barriere at Longchamp today.
1	Nestor, Knowles in Madrid Masters final CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Daniel Nestor and partner Mark Knowles on Friday battled their way to a fourth championship appearance of the tennis season.
0	Arafat #39;s health worsening, aides in Paris say Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. He #39;s been in a Paris hospital since last Friday.
1	In retrospect, Storm had all the right moves When all the talk in the WNBA during the preseason centered on how the college draft was the strongest, deepest ever, the Seattle Storm opted to trade its top pick and Amanda Lassiter to Minnesota in exchange for forward Sheri Sam and center Janell Burse.
1	Kidd Practices, Might Play Monday  EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Sports Network) - New Jersey guard  Jason Kidd practiced with the team for the first time since  undergoing knee surgery in July and he could be on the court  Monday.
1	Off To a Fast Start Call it a fluke, or the upset of the week, or whatever you want. Fresno State's players and coaches don't think of it that way.
3	SCO caps legal costs as losses mount The SCO Group is looking to cut expenses to make sure it has enough cash to push its lawsuit with IBM, the company announced during its third-quarter earnings conference call yesterday.
3	Giant Pandas in China Reserve Get Wi-Fi (AP) AP - Giant pandas may well prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the engandered animals living in the remote Wolong Nature Reserve.
0	Botswana Leader Warns on AIDS: Abstain or Die (Reuters) Reuters - Botswana President Festus Mogae issued a\blunt message to his people Wednesday on HIV/AIDS: abstain from\unsafe sex or die.
0	Government recognises UDA ceasefire The Northern Ireland secretary, Paul Murphy, today explained to MPs that he had agreed to recognise a ceasefire by the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) but warned that the group must live up to its commitment.
1	AND1 Mix Tape Tour Hop-Steps Into MCI Tonight The AND 1 Mix Tape Tour, whose emphasis on dunks over defense and trash-talk over chalk talk has vaulted AND1 from being a niche clothing line to a major athletic apparel manufacturer, culminates tonight at MCI Center. Attendance for the tour is up 30 percent this year, averaging about 7,000 spectators per game. About 10,000 are expected at tonight's event, which begins at 7:30.
3	Starry nights clearest in Antarctica A high, almost windless spot in the central region of the Antarctic plateau is the best place on Earth to view the stars, according to the first results from a small, automated telescope.
0	IRA 'terror arrest' in Tenerife An IRA suspect wanted in connection with a NI bomb attack on soldiers in 1996 is arrested by Spanish police.
2	Struggling Mitsubishi Motors #39; interim net loss widens Tokyo - Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors said Monday its interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion and announced it was downgrading its full-year earnings forecast.
1	Eagles Have T.O., but Also Need Some TLC (AP) AP - Terrell Owens and Jevon Kearse arrived in Philadelphia this spring as the top receiver and pass rusher who can elevate the hopes of a team that has lost three straight NFC title games. But as the 2004 NFL season starts, the Eagles are battered, a reminder that injuries are the great equalizer that can neutralize any big-money, big-name offseason moves.
0	UN: N.Korea Sends Positive Message on Atomic Talks (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea gave a visiting U.N. official\a "very positive message" about resuming stalled six-way talks\on its nuclear programs, the South Korean Unification Ministry\said Wednesday.
2	China Looks Outside Asia for M A  NEW YORK/HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese companies are  starting to pursue North American and European electronics and  consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global  sales forces for their low-cost products.
1	Orange Bowl hopes not finished yet It might be a stay of execution for Coach P, or it might just be a Christmas miracle come early. SU #39;s upset win over BC has given hope to the Orange playing in a post season Bowl game.
1	Bryant Accuses Malone Of Hitting On Wife _ Another Kobe conflict for the Lakers. Bryant has accused Karl Malone of making a pass at his wife at a game last month. Talking before Los Angeles #39; 105-98 win over Orlando on Sunday night 
2	Financial network to end after nine years CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
1	Rugby-Two South Africans in IRB best-of-year nominations South Africans Schalk Burger and Marius Joubert are among five players shortlisted for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year.
0	Former world leaders urge Western pressure on Putin over state of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : Dozens of political figures including former heads of state and government have signed a letter calling on the West to toughen its stand on the state of democracy in Russia.
3	Cingular To Cut 10 Percent of Workforce (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Cingular Wireless has said it plans to cut at least 10 percent of its workforce -- some 7,000 jobs -- over the next year and a half.
1	NHL veteran opts for stint in minors EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- The New Jersey Devils signed veteran left winger Dean McAmmond to a contract to play with Albany of the American Hockey League.
1	Passing Game Stalls The Redskins are still waiting for quarterback Mark Brunell to get into gear. Brunell on Sunday produced one of the least productive games of his 12-year NFL career.
2	Rouse Malls Boost Buyer's Portfolio General Growth, the nation's second-largest mall operator, last week offered to buy Rouse for \$7.2 billion, a 33 percent premium over Rouse's stock price before the deal was announced. A big reason: Rouse has invested heavily in upscale malls.
3	Scientists say much of Genesis #39; material survived Utah crash (National-NBC) Oct. 1, 2004 - Scientists in Utah are finishing the job of salvaging material from the remains of the Genesis Space Capsule.
2	US retail sales rise by 0.1 per cent in November, higher than &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the country #39;s retailers by 0.1 per cent.
3	Google gives Gmail POP3 support, plans antivirus features With POP3 support, Gmail users will be able to transfer their messages to a client-side e-mail application and store the messages on their local hard drives, making them accessible off-line.
0	EU-Russia set for strained talks Russian President Vladimir Putin is to attend an EU summit despite diplomatic sniping over the  Ukraine crisis.
3	Citigroup Unit Violated Its Fiduciary Duty Arbitrators have awarded \$75,000 to a longtime WorldCom Inc. employee who argued that bankers contributed to her financial losses by profiting from their relationship with the struggling company and its chief executive at the same time they administered a stock-options program for WorldCom workers. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Suicide bomb blasts Green Zone A SUICIDE car bomb has ripped through a line of vehicles at a checkpoint outside the Green Zone today, killing 13 people as Iraq marked the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
0	Leader of British Tories is raising issue of trust BOURNEMOUTH, England Conservative Party leader Michael Howard is trying to turn next year #39;s expected national elections in Britain into a battle of trust and credibility.
1	 #39;Big Papi #39; pulls up the Sox BOSTON - They used to write scripts like this for the Boston Red Sox back in the days when they could still look to the bullpen for a pitcher named Babe Ruth.
2	Nortel lowers layoff projections Telecommunications maker Nortel Networks (NYSE: NT) won #39;t have to lay off as many people as expected. The Canadian company announced Thursday that it plans to lay off 3,250 employees - about 250 less than 
0	German Police Detain 10 Neo-Nazis Before Hess March  MUNICH, Germany (Reuters) - German police detained 10  neo-Nazis on Saturday before a march marking the anniversary of  the death of Adolf Hitler's deputy Rudolf Hess.
0	How to make a gigapixel picture A Dutch team has created the world's biggest digital picture, assembled from 600 individual snaps.
0	UK 'hiding Zimbabwe bankers' President Robert Mugabe accuses the UK of sheltering three bankers accused of corruption.
2	Australian Stocks Advance, Paced by Woodside Petroleum, BHP Australian stocks rose for the first day in three, paced by oil producers such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
3	Intel releases new leader of Pentium M pack ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
1	Cricket: Aussies crowing, Indians deathly quiet NAGPUR - The Indian dressing room was empty after stumps as the hooting and hollering from the Australian shed drifted over the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
2	Nib Employs 800 People in the Republic of Ireland, While Northern &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Danske Bank chief executive Peter Straarup said he planned to expand NIBs branch network in the Republic. The economy of the Republic of Ireland continues to outperform other European economies, and 
2	Kmart - Sears Merger May Bring More Shopping Options to Region Kmart is acquiring Sears, Roebuck  amp; Company for \$11 billion with the combined estimated earnings of the two making it the third-largest retailer in the United States.
0	Turkey #39;s Long Wait for EU Entry Turkey has been knocking on the EUs door for more than 40 years, watching in frustration as other countries leapfrogged Ankara in the queue to join the Union.
2	US Airways to boost number of flights US Airways, operating in bankruptcy, will increase service from Charlotte, NC, and Philadelphia and spread flights during the day, boosting its schedule 7 percent without adding aircraft.
1	Boston Prepares For Red Sox Parade Boston Police Commissioner Kathleen O #39;Toole said officials chose not to hold a rally for the Red Sox on City Hall Plaza because of fears that it could create a  quot;dangerous situation.
3	Can #39;t say I didn #39;t tell you so Previously, I have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
1	Hu Jia crowned in men #39;s 10m platform in Athens Hu Jia, Sydney silver medallist from China, was crowned in the men #39;s 10m platform final here on Saturday, finishing the competition with 748.
2	Report: Murdoch offers \$44 million for NY apartment Rupert Murdoch, the billionaire CEO of News Corp. (NWS)(NWSA), has reportedly offered to buy a three-story penthouse for \$44 million, which would be the highest price ever paid for a Manhattan apartment if the deal goes through.
1	Schilling Pitches and Boston Hopes Curt Schilling pitched off a bullpen mound for 20 minutes on Friday, for the first time giving the Boston Red Sox hope in this A.L.C.S.
0	North Korea says resumption of six-nation talks depends on US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.
3	Apple to Announce Special Edition U2 iPod Forbes reporter Matthew Miller reported Monday that sources close to the band have confirmed the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will come preloaded 
2	Eisner Continues Defense of Hiring, Firing When Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner and Disney President Michael S. Ovitz appeared on  quot;Larry King Live quot; on Sept.
1	Doubleheader trimmed to one game The New York Yankees and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays were to play only one game of their scheduled doubleheader Monday. The first game was postponed because Tampa Bay was delayed leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
1	Winless PSG draws Saint-Etienne 2-2 Paris Saint-Germain, still without a league victory this season, managed just a 2-2 draw Sunday with lowly Saint-Etienne in the French First Division.
3	City of brotherly love may embrace Wi-Fi Philadelphia may spread the joy of wireless Internet access to its citizens.
1	Twins Rally to Beat Indians in 10 Innings (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins left Cleveland clinging to first place in the AL Central  #151; and already looking ahead to their next showdown with the surprising Indians.
3	Indie music label rejects lock-down CDs 'NO copy protection - respect the music' stamped on !K7 discs
3	Altnet Fights Back, Sues RIAA Peer-to-peer company accuses RIAA and its partners of infringing upon its patents.
0	China to Press N Korea over Nukes China was expected to press North Koreas No. 2 leader to restart stalled six-nation talks on the dispute over the Norths nuclear program when he visits Beijing this week, a state-run newspaper said today.
1	St. Louis Cardinals Team Report - September 7 (Sports Network) - The Cardinals will try to get back on the winning track this evening, when they battle the San Diego Padres in the middle test of a three-game set at PETCO Park.
1	Players #39; offer likely to be rejected Bob Goodenow, executive director of the NHL Players Association, created a lot of suspense when he submitted a dramatic contract proposal to the league last week.
3	Nokia, Intel Join Forces on Symbian Phones  AMSTERDAM/LONDON (Reuters) - Intel and Nokia will jointly  develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,  the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first  major cooperative effort in cell phones.
0	Three remanded on terror charges Three men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after a newspaper tip-off alleging the suspects tried to buy explosives for a  quot;dirty bomb quot;.
1	Television Coverage Of Londons Olympic Parade To Be Used In &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Evening Standard reports that London will use television coverage from Mondays parade of Olympians to convince Olympic leaders of Britains enthusiasm to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
0	Banned Basque Party Calls for Peace Talks A Basque nationalist party banned by Spain as ETA #39;s political wing unveiled a plan to end the long-running conflict in the region on Sunday, saying it wanted to launch a peace process.
1	As Rosters Expand, Yanks Look for Pitching General Manager Brian Cashman said the Yankees' front office was considering recalling the pitchers Juan Padilla, Bret Prinz and Felix Heredia.
1	ABC News NBA Today NBA Today Dec 6, 2004 - Orlando at Denver (9 pm EST). The Southeast Division-leading Magic try to extend their winning streak to four. Quentin Richardson, Suns, made eight 3-pointers and scored 37 points in Phoenix #39;s 121-99 victory over Portland.
2	EDS to cut up to 20,000 jobs over two years Electronic Data Systems plans to cut 15,000 to 20,000 jobs over the next two years, as the struggling technology services giant tries to slash costs and regain its footing.
0	Mystery behind Arafat #39;s death According to the Palestinian observer at the United Nations Nasser al-Kidwa, toxicology tests revealed no traces of poison in Arafat #39;s blood.
0	House Ethics Panel Says DeLay Tried to Trade Favor for a Vote A panel admonished Representative Tom DeLay for improperly trying to win the vote of a lawmaker during a floor fight over a bill.
2	US recovery  #39;not helping workers #39; Many working families still feel no benefit from the US economic recovery, the Economic Policy Institute says. While business is improving, average wages have fallen, job satisfaction has declined and the 
2	Putin says state oil firms could bid for Yukos assets LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Russian President Vladmir Putin told a group of media executives  quot;the state #39;s goal has not been, is not and will not be quot; to nationalize the country #39;s emabattled oil giant Yukos (YUKOY) , AFX News reported, though said that state firms 
1	Playing it smart At Madison Park, coach Dennis Wilson's  quot;MP Pride quot; chant isn't the only phrase that's sticking like peanut butter. There's a new slogan that's catching on at the school.
1	Saint Joseph's Extends Martelli's Contract  PHILADEPHIA (Sports Network) - Saint Joseph's University  extended the contract of men's basketball coach Phil Martelli  on Thursday. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed,  but the new contract will keep Martelli on Hawk Hill through at  least the 2011-12 season.
1	Maine shuts out Wildcats Junior Jimmy Howard and freshman Matt Lundin combined to make 24 saves yesterday as Maine blanked New Hampshire, 3-0, in a Hockey East game before a sellout crowd of 5,641 at Alfond Arena in Orono, Maine.
1	California dreamin'? It's a reality ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The blueprint was followed down to almost every nuance, every wrinkle, every desired contour.
2	Coles Myer Full-Year Profit Rises 44 on Sales Growth (Update1) Coles Myer Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest retailer, said full-year profit rose 44 percent after boosting sales, cutting costs and increasing earnings at its department stores.
2	As Congressional Budget Chief, Former Bush Economic Aide Isn #39;t &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Congressional Democrats were deeply suspicious when Republican leaders selected Douglas J. Holtz-Eakin to take over the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office in early 2003.
0	Britain's Conservatives Struggling (AP) AP - A decade ago, analysts were calling Britain's Conservative Party the dominant force in 20th-century British politics.
3	Who Needs Clustering? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Clustering, or grid-server configurations, have matured, with built-in capabilities that have taken out some of the intimidating factors inherent in the system topology. As a result, clustering has become more practical for a broader range of I.T. applications and sectors.
2	Is Ford Out of the Ditch? Plus, Qualcomm's hazy visibility, EDS is grounded, and no telling with Nortel.
3	Inphonic Sets IPO Price Range Inphonic Inc., an online retailer of wireless services and equipment, on Monday said it plans to sell 7 million common shares at \$15 to \$17 apiece in its initial public offering, according to an amended regulatory filing.
1	Scott Simon Essay: Paul Hamm #39;s Medal Description: NPR #39;s Scott Simon offers his thoughts on Paul Hamm, the US Olympic gymnast plagued by scoring scandals. Hamm has been asked -- indirectly -- to give up his gold medal in the men #39;s all-around competition.
0	African union seeks up to 5000 troops for Darfur UNITED NATIONS: The African Union will determine in early October whether it can mobilise a force of 3000 to 5000 to help stop atrocities in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said today.
3	Oracle updates business suite Oracle last week revealed more details about the next version of its e-business suite, while pushing the concept of grid computing.
0	Frances Roars Into Fla., Cuts Power to 2M FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Massive Hurricane Frances trudged ashore with 115 mph wind and pelting rain late Saturday, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
0	Cricket: Sri Lanka survive scare Sri Lanka struggle to a four-wicket win over a gallant Zimbabwe side at the Champions Trophy.
2	Calif. insurance chief sues four insurers in kickback probe SAN DIEGO California #39;s insurance commissioner says a San Diego company took kickbacks from four major insurance companies in exchange for winning contracts with major US companies.
0	Passenger Attacks Pilots mid-air in Norway OSLO (Norway): A passenger on a Norwegian regional flight linking the northern towns of Narvik and Bodoe on Wednesday attacked two pilots with an axe while the plane was in the air, but the plane was later able to land.
3	Coming Soon: Your Local Earthquake Forecasts? Within a decade computer models may be able to forecast some types of earthquakes with accuracy similar to that of current forecasts for hurricanes, scientists say.
0	US arms sale: India to express concern India will express strong concern over United States #39; proposed sale of surveillance aircraft and anti-tank missiles to Pakistan to the visiting US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
1	It #39;s the Me Generation In this, the Summer of Vince Carter #39;s Discontent, Raptors GM Rob Babcock finds himself in a difficult, but not unique position, dealing with a recalcitrant star who wants nothing less than a change of venue to kick-start a career that #39;s gone dormant and a 
2	A shallow look at celebrities who lost jobs With so many jobs pruned from corporate payrolls in recent years, interest in the gestalt of being fired -- the hows and whys, the trauma and consequences -- is understandably high. Witness the surprising success of the television series  quot;The Apprentice. quot;
2	Treasuries Pressured by Oil, Upbeat Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices eased for a  third straight session on Tuesday, unnerved by a mix of softer  oil, firmer stocks and an upbeat economic outlook from Federal  Reserve officials.
1	Bowden Bowl Key for Clemson, Florida St. (AP) AP - A 9-foot bronze statue of Florida State coach Bobby Bowden was unveiled Friday outside of Doak Campbell Stadium.
2	US blue chips fall as oil prices rise, but Apple lifts Nasdaq NEW YORK : US blue chips ended lower on Monday on higher oil prices and an analyst downgrade of pharmaceutical giant Pfizer; but techs managed a small gain, helped by an upgrade for Apple Computer.
2	Report lauds community hospitals A Harvard University researcher found that community hospitals did just as good a job treating most common illnesses as academic medical centers, but provided that care far more cheaply.
2	UPDATE 1-Rato asserts stronger IMF role in rich countries The new head of the International Monetary Fund on Monday signaled the lender would take a larger role in speaking out about policies in the world #39;s richest nations if they pose global economic risks.
3	IBM buys content integration vendor To help its customers get a handle on all the data scattered across their enterprises, IBM Thursday announced plans to acquire Venetica, a privately held company that makes content integration software.
3	Nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video playback and streaming and recording capabilities, the company said.
2	Eyes tired? Musical alerts ease computer user #146;s day What was the last sound your computer made? It may have emitted a chime when e-mail arrived, or a heraldic swish when you started up Windows.
3	Firefox Browser On An Upward Trend carbolic writes  quot;The Firefox browser is ramping up as fast as Internet Explorer is ramping down. According to these stats posted from the Engadget logfiles, IE has dropped to 57 of all browsers used to visit 
0	Hamas pledges new rocket attacks Hamas militants say there will be no let-up in efforts to fire missiles at Israel, despite a major Israeli military operation.
1	Rams Stomp Redskins The St. Louis Rams' offense, led by receiver Torry Holt and rookie running back Steven Jackson, riddled the Redskins from all sides and gained a 28-3 victory on Friday.
1	UPDATE 2-Marshall lifts Kiwis to emotional win Hamish Marshall scored an unbeaten 50 to lead New Zealand to an emotional four-wicket win over Australia with two balls to spare in the first match of the inaugural Chappell-Hadlee one-day series on Sunday.
1	Life will never be the same again for Monster Cable Monster Cable Products Inc. is best known for selling premium-priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
3	Mozilla considers desktop search integration for Firefox Having launched the much-awaited version 1.0 of the Firefox browser on Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation is busy planning future enhancements to the open-source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools. The Mozilla Foundation also wants to place Firefox in PCs through OEM (original equipment manufacturer) deals with PC hardware vendors and to continue to sharpen the product's pop-up ad blocking technology.
2	The Fidelity watch Scott DeSano, Fidelity Investments' super-powerful head of stock trading, and his band of traders are suddenly under the gun.
0	Formula One Gets Big Technical Changes Formula One's governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
3	Cow gene map can improve quality of beef WASHINGTON - For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers with a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA 
1	Furcal Shows No Leniency for Astros Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
2	DaVita to buy dialysis clinics for \$3.05 billion The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell a division to an El Segundo company for \$3.05 billion in cash. Gambro Healthcare US, the division being sold, operates clinics for patients undergoing kidney dialysis and has 565 clinics and 43,200 patients.
2	Spitzer Targets Insurance Brokerage Industry ALBANY, NY -- New York state officials say they expect two insurance company executives to plead guilty in a corruption probe into bid-rigging in the insurance brokerage industry.
2	Update 1: Kodak Sees Digital Expansion in Future Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, Wednesday said it now expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 percent between 2003 and 2007.
0	Israeli Missile Kills Hamas Militant in Gaza-Medics (Reuters) Reuters - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a\missile near a house during fighting in the northern Gaza Strip\Wednesday, killing a Hamas militant, medics said.
0	Strong Quake Kills at Least 3 in Northern Japan An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and several aftershocks hit northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least three people and injuring more than 250 while knocking 
0	Strong Earthquakes Rattle Western Japan (AP) AP - Two strong earthquakes, one magnitude 6.9 and the second magnitude 7.3, rattled western Japan within hours of each other Sunday night, injuring 14 people, shaking buildings in Tokyo and triggering tsunami waves.
2	Banknorth sought other deals Banknorth Group Inc. solicited bids from several other large banks before deciding that a Canadian bank could acquire a majority stake in the company, chief executive William J. Ryan told analysts yesterday.
1	Hendry dismisses talk of grudge-carrying umps Baseball #39;s executive vice president Sandy Alderson insisted last month that the Cubs, disciplined for an assortment of run-ins with umpires, would not be targeted the rest of the season by umpires who might hold a grudge.
1	AL notables The Yankees posted back-to-back shutouts for the first time since Aug. 27-28, 2002, at Boston.
3	Duke Enrollment Package: New iPod Instead of the usual Blue Devils T-shirt and ball cap, Duke University freshmen receive a free iPod engraved with the school's crest. The school hopes the devices will be used for recording lectures and capturing scientific data.
3	HP #39;s Fiorina: Sometimes IT spending is a  #39;bad thing #39; SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co.
1	Arsenal captain Vieira doubtful for United clash Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira, already ruled out of Wednesday #39;s Champions League match against Panathinaikos, is a major doubt for Sunday #39;s Premier League clash with Manchester United.
1	His fire still burning CARSON, Calif. -- Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better.
3	Wachovia Plans Technology Park in Alabama (AP) AP - Wachovia Corp. is planning a  #36;400 million data center in Birmingham that will anchor a 337-acre technology park.
2	Crude oil futures may fall: survey Crude oil futures may fall on speculation China #39;s first interest rate rise in nine years will slow demand growth amid rising US inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.
3	Dell introduces new compact desktop PC Dell Inc. updated its line of slim consumer Dimension desktop PCs Tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a Dell PC, a company spokesman said.
3	PayPal provides antifraud, antispam tool to users Online payment service  PayPal is offering its users antifraud and antispam tools from security vendor Cloudmark.
3	Scientists Work on Global Virus Attack Strategy By JEEJA PUROHIT    PUNE, India (AP) -- More than 300 scientists from around the world shared information on tracking and curbing the cross-border spread of viruses as they met in India for a three-day seminar ending Wednesday.    "Emerging infections have taken center stage, not only in public health management, but are intricately linked with the economic welfare of nations," said A.C...
0	Relief convoy turned back from Fallujah: Red Cross A relief convoy of ambulances and supplies Monday was turned back by Iraqi authorities or US Marines from entering Fallujah, a spokesman for the international Red Cross said.
1	FOOTBALL: THIS IS FOR YOU EMLYN ON A night when they came to remember a glorious past, Liverpool #39;s grieving fans were offered a glimpse of their immediate future.
3	Crying Out When a Child Cannot A man has invented a car alarm system that he thinks could save some of the children who die after being shut inside cars on warm days.
0	Race on to rush relief to Philippine flood victims GENERAL NAKAR - Philippine soldiers yesterday rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopter to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks which have left more than 1300 people dead or missing.
2	Euro, oil saps German confidence Economists had forecast a drop to 94.8. The November business assessment index fell to 93.8 from 94.7 in October, while the business expectation index fell to 94.3 from 95.9 last month, Ifo said.
1	Gibernau grabs pole at Phillip Island Spain #39;s Sete Gibernau has put in a storming qualifying lap to snatch pole position for Sunday #39;s Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island from title rival and defending world champion Valentino Rossi.
0	US revises its strategy on Sudan, seeks UN aid if peace deal signed UNITED NATIONS -- The Bush administration is pressing the United Nations to reward Sudan with a major package of international debt relief and reconstruction funds if the Islamic state signs a peace deal ending a brutal, 20-year civil war with the Christian-backed Sudan People's Liberation Army in southern Sudan by the end of the year.
2	Hilfiger Sales and Net Fall Amid Inquiry More bad news poured out of the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation yesterday, as the clothing company - facing an investigation by the United States attorney #39;s office in Manhattan - reported disappointing sales and declining operating margins.
3	Ivan May Just Be a Messenger Hurricane Ivan is among the most powerful Atlantic storms in recent history, and more such storms are likely in the future due to global warming, say climate experts.
3	Ask Jeeves Joins Quest for Desktop Search Dominance (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Ask Jeeves (Nasdaq: ASKJ) will launch its own desktop search tool on Wednesday, amid the hoopla over similar announcements from Google, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO). The Ask Jeeves desktop application is based on technology it obtained through the acquisition of privately owned Tuckaroo in June.
3	X-43A Jet Breaks Air Speed Record NASA's X-43A 'scramjet' now holds the jet aircraft speed record after hitting a top speed of Mach 9.6, or nearly 6,600 mph. Engineers say the technology could find its way into military and commercial aircraft. By Amit Asaravala.
2	US weighs trade limit for China WASHINGTON The Bush administration has agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of textile manufacturers, along with the union representing their workers, asking that the federal government limit imports from China next year, an action that could 
0	Former General Expected to Win Presidential Election in Indonesia A former general, who has promised to uphold civilian rule, appears to have easily defeated the incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesias presidential election today, according to a nationwide survey of votes.
2	Sentiment Strong in December Consumer attitudes showed more signs of improvement heading into the holidays as an early reading on consumer sentiment in December beat expectations.
3	Study: Big Predators Don #39;t Last Long Apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction - as is shown in a new study of a 
0	Typhoon Songda batters southern Japan Tokyo - Powerful typhoon Songda made landfall in southern Japan on Tuesday, pounding the region with torrential rains and high winds that forced evacuations, caused blackouts and brought public transport to a virtual standstill.
3	Oxygen Generator Fails on Space Station (AP) AP - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply this weekend, NASA said Thursday.
1	Former NBA star Jayson Williams to be retried Former NBA star Jayson Williams,who was charged in the shotgun slaying of a limousine driver at his mansion, will be retried, a judge ruled on Thursday.
2	US Airways reaches deal with union US Airways Group Inc. and the dispatchers #39; union reached a tentative agreement yesterday on a contract that supports the bankrupt airline #39;s transformation to a low-cost carrier.
2	Gov. Bush praises Treasure Coast efforts during hurricane season VERO BEACH - Gov. Jeb Bush got teary-eyed on the last day of the hurricane season Tuesday as he thanked scores of Indian River County officials, emergency workers and volunteers for their relief efforts following Hurricanes Frances and Jeanne.
1	Source: Colombian Cyclist Fails Drug Test (AP) AP - Colombian cyclist Maria Luisa Calle Williams has tested positive for a stimulant and could lose her bronze medal, Olympic officials said on Sunday.
3	E-Mail Authentication Faces Hurdles Cost, different standards remain the key challenges in the fight to craft an antispam plan.
3	Senate panel approves spyware, wireless privacy bills WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee on Wednesday approved bills intended to fight computer spyware and to protect wireless phone customers from potential privacy problems associated with a wireless phone number directory.
3	Endangered tiger earns its stripes as the world #39;s most popular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dog might be man #39;s best friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, according to an international survey published today.
0	Iran Ready to Negotiate Enrichment Halt Length  TEHRAN, Iran (Reuters) - Iran said on Monday it was willing  to negotiate with European nations the length of its uranium  enrichment suspension but will never renounce its right to  carry out the process, which can be used to make atom bombs.
3	PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
3	EverQuest II dated Sony Online Entertainment today announced that EverQuest II, the long-awaited sequel to SOE #39;s massively multiplayer online role-playing game, will ship simultaneously to North American and European retail stores on November 8. Four years in development 
1	Escobar is no pushover A wolf in Angels wings? Or a sacrificial lamb to be served up on the Fenway mound this afternoon? Kelvim Escobar went 11-12 this season and was beaten by the Red Sox stats, schedule, 4 
0	MPs draw line in troop fracas Furious British Labour politicians have warned Prime Minister Tony Blair that they have drawn a line in the sand over an American request for the deployment of more British troops.
0	Iraqi Government, Al-Sadr OK Peace Deal (AP) AP - Iraq's top Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, made a dramatic return to Najaf on Thursday and swiftly won agreement from a rebel cleric and the government to end three weeks of fighting between his militia and U.S.-Iraqi forces.
2	Filing: Krispy Kreme auditor refuses to OK quarterly report Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. disclosed in a recent regulatory filing that its independent auditors have refused to sign off on the Winston-Salem company #39;s quarterly financial statement until an outside law firm performs additional work.
0	Prosecutor: Italian PM deserves prison An Italian prosecutor says that Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi deserves an eight-year prison term for bribing judges. Berlusconi was not in court for to hear the request, the BBC reports.
1	Lehman and Geiberger Share Lead at Greensboro Classic  GREENSBORO, North Carolina, Oct 16 (Reuters) - British Open  winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the  third round of the Greensboro Classic Saturday.
1	Renteria files for free agency Cardinals shortstop Edgar Renteria filed for free agency Friday along with catcher Mike Matheny and outfielder Ray Lankford, two days after the Boston Red Sox swept St.
3	PeopleSoft Discounts New Licenses SAN FRANCISCO--PeopleSoft Inc. opened the second day of its user conference here Wednesday with good news for itself and its customers: upgrade discounts and a significant licensing deal.
3	Air Pollution Hits Record Levels in Hong Kong (Reuters) Reuters - Air pollution in Hong Kong has hit\record levels, the government said on Wednesday, and it warned\people with heart or respiratory problems to stay indoors.
2	Trade Deficit Falls, But Big Gap Persists September trade data prompted economists to warn anew that the dollar, which briefly hit a record low against the euro Wednesday morning, is likely to continue moving downward in the months ahead.
3	Work Out Now, Ache Later: How Your Muscles Pay You Back No one knows for sure exactly what causes muscle soreness, but many scientists think that the delayed pain is caused by microscopic tears in the muscles.
1	Wilson takes lead at Texas Open Some tough playing conditions cooled off Ted Purdy on Friday. A day after matching the course record with a 61, Purdy struggled through the stifling heat 
0	Cleric dies in Pakistan custody An Islamic cleric arrested in Pakistan for suspected al-Qaeda links dies in custody, officials say.
3	Groups Chide U.S. on Mercury Regulations (AP) AP - Environmentalists and two Maryland Democratic congressmen chastised the Bush administration Wednesday for proposed regulations they said will not do enough to reduce mercury contamination of Maryland rivers, lakes and the Chesapeake Bay.
0	Deadline looms in Sudan crisis Khartoum agrees to allow more African Union troops and monitors in Darfur.
2	The neglected issue of campaign  #39;04 Iin about 15 years, and probably less, this nation #39;s retirement system will start to run a deficit, according to the Social Security #39;s trustees.
2	Technology ; PC Shipments Rise 12 Pct Worldwide in 3rd Quarter Good growth in notebook shipments during the back-to-school season coupled with desktop replacements among businesses and consumers sustained another strong quarter in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, IDC said.
2	Oil Pushing \$54; Edgy Over Winter Supply  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held near historic highs  over \$53 a barrel on Tuesday, with global supplies hounded by  outages that were thwarting efforts to build U.S. heating oil  inventories ahead of the winter.
1	Expos #39; move to DC appears imminent Signaling for the first time publicly that he might be persuaded to drop his opposition to a team in Washington, DC, Orioles owner Peter Angelos said he could go along if a deal is struck to protect his franchise and Maryland #39;s investment in Oriole Park 
1	Record-breaker Singh stretches ahead of Els in rankings Vijay Singh, the first player in PGA Tour history to earn more than \$10 million in a single season following his Chrysler Championship victory on Sunday, has strengthened his grip at the top of the world rankings.
1	Tennis: After mixed year, Roddick drops his coach Two of tennis #39;s strongest personalities have officially parted ways, as Andy Roddick and his high-profile coach, Brad Gilbert, announced that they had stopped working together by way of their own web sites and then made no further commen.
3	Sun seeks data persistence model for Java Sun Microsystems is looking to make life easier for Java developers by seeking a common ground on a data persistence model.
2	Vivendi to Sell 15 Stake in Veolia to Cut Debt (Update2) Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest music company, said it will sell a 15 percent stake in Veolia Environnement SA to cut debt and focus on its media business.
3	China May Join \$10Bln Sakhalin-2 Russia said Thursday that China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp., Asia #39;s biggest oil refiner, may join Royal Dutch/Shell Group #39;s Sakhalin-2 project in the Pacific and buy liquefied natural gas from the venture #39;s offshore fields.
2	Sprint to cut 700 jobs, devalue assets WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Sprint Corp. said Friday it will cut up to 700 jobs, write down the value of its traditional phone network and spend less money marketing standalone long-distance service.
1	Sports: Dodgers 8 Rockies 7 LOS ANGELES Milton Bradley singled home the game-winning run with one out in the bottom of the ninth as the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 8-to-7.
2	FDA questions AstraZeneca #39;s Exanta NEW YORK, September 9 (New Ratings) - The FDA has raised questions regarding AstraZenecas (AZN.NYS) blood thinner, Exanta. The leading pharmaceutical companys hopes had been pinned on Exanta, which 
3	British File-Sharers Sued Following the footsteps of its American counterpart, Britain #39;s British Phonographic Industry announced it was bringing suit to 28 file-swappers.
1	UPDATE 1-Barnes leads Australian Open after first round Former national amateur champion Kurt Barnes shot a brilliant 65 on Thursday to emerge as the unlikely first round leader of the centenary Australian Open.
3	Nintendo DS to go wireless NINTENDO will defend its dominance of the portable games market with the launch of the wireless Nintendo DS, a handheld double-screen console, the video game maker says.
0	Karzai maintains clear majority as Afghan vote count passes 75 percent (AFP) AFP - Hamid Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent, according to the official poll website.
2	IBM, Kodak team up to make image sensors for cameras NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - International Business Machines Corporation (IBM.NYS) and Eastman Kodak Company (EK) have agreed to jointly develop and manufacture image sensors for mass-market consumer products, such as digital still cameras and 
0	APEC Leaders Want to Revive World Trade Talks  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Asia-Pacific leaders promised  on Sunday to try to revive world trade talks and fight  terrorism after a summit marred at the end by spats over the  security of President Bush.
1	Woods is still the one -- but Singh is closing NORTON -- When things were going so well and the major championships were piling up and the records were falling into his possession, Tiger Woods was as close to invincible as golf has ever seen. He was so far and away the No. 1 player in the world that he couldn't see No. 2 with a telescope.
2	Mixed bag for Putnam Marsh chief's exit met with relief, concern For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet.
3	Hi-Def TV May Be PCs' Killer App It's been possible for years to watch television on a personal computer, but not many people do. The reasons are simple: mediocre picture and sound quality and the ergonomics of it all. TVs don't need to boot up.
2	ALPA vote expected this week The Air Line Pilots Association expects to have a decision by early Thursday regarding a \$300 million wage and benefit concession agreement affecting its US Airways pilots, according to a union spokesman.
3	Hurricanes Bring Environmental Renewal By RACHEL LA CORTE    MIAMI (AP) -- Along with their destructive force, hurricanes can have beneficial effects as part of the rhythm of nature. Storms that erode beaches, uproot trees and flatten wildlife habitats may also refresh waterways, revive dry areas and bulk up barrier islands with redistributed sand...
3	Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux BOSTON -- MicrosoftChief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer addressed a gathering of software industry leaders here on Wednesday, touting his company's vision for a bright future, while casting doubt on alternatives to his company's Windows operating system, in particular Linux.
0	First Popularly-Elected Afghan President Urges Iraqis to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Less than a week after he was formally inaugurated as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly-elected president, Hamid offered words of advice for the people of Iraq, who are preparing to go to the polls next month.
2	UPDATE:Data Suggests RBA Hike As Howard Victory Digested SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--As Australia consigns the lengthy federal election campaign to history, the outlook for interest rates returned to center stage Monday as housing 
3	Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline The midnight expiration of Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft shares will either end the software rivals' bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.
1	Tigers lose scholarship, recruiting on road COLUMBIA, Mo. -- The NCAA has handed down additional minor penalties to the University of Missouri in the wake of a spate of secondary rules violations, ESPN.
0	Brazil's Globo Media Empire Reaches Deal Brazilian media giant Globo has reached a tentative agreement with creditors to restructure \$1.3 billion of debt it racked up during the 1990s.
2	Chinese firm in talks for Noranda Government-controlled minmetals. Exclusive talks to buy Canadian mining giant that has a market value of \$6.7 billion. Noranda CEO Derek Pannell said he is encouraged by discussions with Minmetals, although 
0	India, Pakistan say need more talks on Kashmir bus India and Pakistan were unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which ended in New Delhi on Wednesday and said they would need more discussions.
2	BFI Canada to Acquire IESI to Expand in US South (Update1) BFI Canada Income Fund, which owns a Canadian trash hauler, agreed to buy closely held IESI Corp. of Texas for C\$1.1 billion (\$930.3 million) in equity and debt to expand in the US South and Northeast.
1	Coe outlines London bid for 2012 Olympics London revealed its detailed plans for hosting the 2012 Olympic Games today with bid chief Sebastian Coe promising they would be a  quot;games for the next generation quot;.
0	Nigerian Oil Delta Peace Talks to Resume After Truce (Reuters) Reuters - Talks between a Nigerian rebel warlord\and the government will resume on Thursday to address rebel\demands for autonomy in the oil-producing Niger Delta following\a truce agreed a day earlier, the rebel leader said.
2	Report: IBM #39;s PC business up for sale IBM Corp. has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on the Web site of The New York Times. IBM is discussing selling the business to 
3	Virgin Mary toastie sells for 15,000 A grilled cheese sandwich bearing the image of the Virgin Mary has been sold for nearly 15,000 on eBay. Florida jewellery designer Diana Duyser auctioned off the ten-year-old toastie saying it was time to share her  quot;miracle quot; with the world.
2	Delta selling eight planes to FedEx ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines Inc. is selling eight jumbo jets to shipping giant FedEx Corp. The nation #39;s third-largest airline, which has warned of the possibility of a bankruptcy filing, said Thursday the agreement 
2	Saudi Arabia to hike oil production capacity Saudi Arabia will increase oil production capacity to 11 million barrels per day (bpd) in a bid to curb soaring prices, Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi has said.
1	ESPN-Star Sports takes BCCI to court over TV rights ESPN-Star Sports, who lost the bid to telecast international cricket played in India over the next four years, have challenged the Indian board #39;s decision to award the rights to Zee Network in the Mumbai High Court.
1	Still Waiting on a Bowl The Peach Bowl has released Virgnia from consideration, and is expected to announce that it will invite the loser of Saturday's Miami-Virginia Tech game to play Florida on New Year's Day.
3	Russia Looking to Moon and Beyond for Future Space Base in 2020 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Russian automatic base may be established on the Moon in 2020-2025, an official of the Russian Space Agency said. Speaking in Washington at a NASA conference on the International Space System program, Nikolai 
0	Wide U.S. Inquiry Into Purchasing for Health Care The case appears to be focused on whether hospitals are fraudulently overcharging Medicare and other programs for goods.
0	UN peacekeepers rush to storm-ravaged Gonaives to stop looting UN peacekeepers rushed to this storm-ravaged city Monday to guard against looters stealing food aid while military doctors performed operations on howling patients and hundreds of weary victims, after a miserable night spent out in 
2	British house prices record sharpest fall in 9 years House prices in Britain fell at their steepest pace in nine years in the three months to September,adding to evidence that the property market is cooling and decreasing the possibility 
0	S Korea rebuked over nuke tests Seoul is criticised by the IAEA but escapes referral to the UN Security Council over secret nuclear experiments.
3	IBM adds RFID capabilities to WebSphere products DECEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled new software to help companies integrate radio frequency identification (RFID) capabilities into their IT systems, including a new server application that brings RFID benefits to existing IBM point-of 
0	ADQ steals riding from Liberals in one of four provincial byelections (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The Action democratique du Quebec grabbed a much-needed seat from the governing Liberals in a provincial byelection Monday, while the Liberals and the Parti Quebecois easily retained other ridings.
2	Hollinger Money Funded Lavish Lifestyle Between 1997 and 2003, Conrad Black and his associates personally received in cash up to 92.5 percent of Hollinger #39;s entire adjusted net income -- much of it to keep the various Black households 
1	Powell Cancels Athens Trip The US State Department says Secretary Colin Powell has canceled a trip to Athens to attend the Olympics closing ceremony because of urgent business in Washington.
0	U.S. to Rejoin Coffee Trade Regulators (AP) AP - The United States plans to rejoin the international body that regulates the global coffee trade. Assistant Secretary of State Anthony Wayne will make the formal announcement Wednesday, the State Department said in a statement.
1	Werder Bremen beats Leverkusen 3-2 to advance in German Cup Nelson Valdez scored two goals to help holder Werder Bremen beat Bayer Leverkusen 3-2 on Wednesday to advance to the third round of the German Cup.
3	Australia court hears case against song-share website owner (AFP) AFP - An Australian song-share website which offered links to music download sites was dubbed one of the world's largest copyright infringers in a landmark 500 million Australian dollar (374 million US) case.
2	Salvation Army hopes to avoid blue Christmas On a near balmy day, the red-and-green confetti and Christmas carols seemed out of place, but Salvation Army officials hoped their plea Thursday for \$2.1 million in financial assistance rang true.
1	Fichardt and Broadhurst Lead Madrid Open (AP) AP - Darren Fichardt had four birdies in a five-hole stretch on the way to a 4-under 67 Saturday, grabbing a share of the lead with Paul Broadhurst after the third round of the Madrid Open.
2	Weakness in Demand Shrivels Japan's Output Japan's economy grew at a worse-than-expected annual pace of 0.3 percent in the third quarter as exports and capital expenditures weakened.
1	Delgado, Wells power Jays over Tampa CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Carlos Delgado and Vernon Wells provided the Toronto Blue Jays with a lethal 1-2 punch Sunday at SkyDome. Carlos Delgado had three hits and Vernon Wells hit a home run, as the Jays beat 
1	Goosen #39;s easy home success Retief Goosen has cruised to a six-shot victory in the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City in South Africa, while Aussie Stuart Appleby has tied for second.
0	Equatoguinean  quot;mercenary quot; trial starts without Zimbabweans afrol News, 23 August - The trial against 14 foreigners, allegedly plotting a  quot;mercenary invasion to overthrow President Teodoro Obiang Nguema, quot; started today in Equatorial Guinea #39;s capital Malabo.
3	Finding Truth on the Internet When it comes to covering politics, journalists often fall into the 'he said, she said' trap without taking the time to delve into the details. The nonpartisan FactCheck.org jumps into the informational breach. By Louise Witt.
3	Reverse Psychology \\I really hope SUN doesn't Open Source Java at JavaOne this year.  It would be a\terrible decision and seriously hurt the tech industry.  Also, it would hurt SUN\and I'm sure their responsible enough to realize this.\\(Lets hope that works!)\\
3	IBM Provides Developers with Free Cloudscape Resources (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - IBM announces a set of free tools and support for developers using its Java relational database, also now known as Derby.
2	Wal-Mart Starts Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , hurt by\sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday\launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers across the\United States touting price cuts.
3	Adobe Plans New Format Standard for Digital Photos By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Adobe Systems Inc...
0	Peruvian president presses for trial of predecessor Peru #39;s president urged world leaders on Wednesday to pressure Japan to extradite former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori to face corruption charges and allegations he authorized death squad massacres a decade ago.
1	Basketball: Seattle Storm Wins WNBA Finals The Seattle Storm is the new Women #39;s National Basketball Association champion. Seattle defeated the visiting Connecticut Sun, 74-60, in the third and decisive game of the WNBA Finals.
2	Oil Prices Washington Post staff writer Justin Blum will be online to answer your questions on soaring oil prices, their causes and their effects.
2	Exxon Mobil Director Longwell to Retire Exxon Mobil Corp. said Monday that executive vice president and board member Harry J. Longwell, 63, plans to retire at the end of the year after serving nine years as a director and 41 years with the company.
2	 #39;Merry Chrismukkah! #39; cards proclaim KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings.
0	EU to Draft Sanctions Against Sudan  VALKENBURG, Netherlands (Reuters) - The European Union will  draw up sanctions against Sudan, with a view to implementing  them if the United Nations calls for such measures, the Dutch  foreign minister said on Saturday.
3	IMPlanet Weekly News Break The free, hosted MSN Spaces service is Microsoft #39;s first consumer foray into providing a blogging platform. Spaces will enable MSN members to maintain a blog and control it with some sophisticated features that are not typical of all blogging services.
3	Underwater Archaeologists Dig for History (AP) AP - Instead of wearing khakis, students this summer at Croton Point Park donned wet suits and scuba gear as they dug up discoveries beyond the reach of landlocked archaeologists.
1	Maryland Women #39;s Basketball Returns Home on Tuesday  Maryland has scored at least 72 points in its five wins this season and is 23-6 when scoring at least 70 points under head coach Brenda Frese.
2	Nortel loses about \$250 million US in third quarter, half due to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks released preliminary financial results Tuesday showing the technology company lost about \$250 million US in the third quarter, about half of that due to the starup costs of a major contract in India.
0	Sri Lankan rebel leader threatens to launch freedom struggle The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) leader said Saturday the rebels would be compelled tolaunch the freedom struggle for the Tamil nation if peace talks were further delayed, the pro-rebel website TamilNet said.
1	NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National  League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
2	Stocks Seen Lower; JP Morgan Hits Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  U.S. stock futures weakened on  Wednesday, pointing to a lower market open, as rising oil  prices and a wide-reaching investigation into the insurance  industry soured the mood on Wall Street.
1	Cancer-conquering coach - Yao's NBA father figure - honored by Rockets (AFP) AFP - Cancer-conquering coach Rudy Tomjanovich has made an emotional and triumphant homecoming here, guiding the Los Angeles Lakers to an 84-79 victory over Houston, a team he served for 34 years.
1	Oswalt leaves it all on field He had given up three runs in the first inning of perhaps the biggest game of his life in Game 4 of the National League Championship Series on Sunday, but Astros righthander Roy Oswalt wasn #39;t worried.
2	Hedge fund targets Coke for devaluation LONDON - A former Wall Street stockbroker plans to start a hedge fund in an ambitious drive to halve the value of Coca-Cola #39;s shares within 12 months.
3	Yellow Pages Group to list 2.4 million businesses on Google Canada MONTREAL (CP) - Yellow Pages Group has signed an agreement with web search engine Google that will make Yellow Pages business listings available on Google Local Canada, a new local search service.
1	Belief is the key, insists Wenger Arsene Wenger accepts that his side #39;s dominance in the Premiership creates expectations in Europe, where they have never gone beyond the semi-finals.
3	Search Rushes to the Desktop Late Wednesday night, Yahoo (Quote, Chart) unveiled plans to debut a beta version of Yahoo Desktop Search in the coming weeks. At the same time, Ask Jeeves (Quote, Chart) confirmed to internetnews.
3	Starbucks Expanding Custom CD Service to 45 Stores  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. on Wednesday said  customers will be able to make custom music CDs at 45 of its  U.S. coffee shops by later this month, the first step in a plan  to expand the service nationwide.
3	Simple Telescopes Discover New Planet Astronomers using telescopes not much larger than the spyglass Galileo wielded 400 years ago have discovered a new Jupiter-sized planet orbiting a bright, distant star.
3	Tech firms announce video anti-piracy technology Global leading technology firms NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson say they will develop new encryption technology to foil video piracy, a 3.5 billion US dollars problem for broadcasters and movie studios.
0	16 killed in suicide bombings in Israel BEERSHEBA, Israel -- Palestinian suicide bombers blew up two passenger buses in near-simultaneous explosions yesterday afternoon along the main thoroughfare of this southern Israeli city, killing 16 people and shattering a five-month lull in suicide attacks inside the Jewish state.
2	Four deals taking off in busy IPO day NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Retailer New York  amp; Co. and medical equipment firm InterLace delivered premiums Thursday as the two initial public offerings distinguished themselves among a pack of four deals.
2	Germany Cuts D.Telekom Stake  FRANKFURT/LONDON Oct 11 (Reuters) - Germany sold a 6.3  percent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom on Monday,  raising up to 4.5 billion euros (\$5.6 billion) to help it curb  a burgeoning budget deficit.
3	Longhorn Comes Up Short Microsoft finally gives us a date for the release of its Longhorn operating system, but the failure to deliver on a highly touted feature raises questions about the company's future. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	Stocks to Watch on Friday, December 10  UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt;:
1	Gallacher scores first European Tour win Stephen Gallacher won for the first time on the European tour, beating Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell on the first playoff hole Sunday at the Dunhill Links Championship.
2	Consumers set for huge bill rises British Gas have announced a large bill increase for its millions of customers. The energy giant said household gas bills would rise by 12.
1	Rogge wages war on drugs cheats IOC president Jacques Rogge has vowed that a record number of doping tests will be carried out at the Beijing Olympics in an effort to fight the war he admits will never be won.
2	Goldman, Lehman Post Strong Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank stocks rose strongly  Tuesday after Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; and Lehman  Brothers Holding Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; reported surprisingly strong  third-quarter results, indicating that sluggish market  conditions this summer did not dent Wall Street earnings.
2	Nike Chief Phil Knight Resigns; Board Appoints Perez (Update4) Nike Inc. said Phil Knight, who began the company in 1972 selling sneakers from his car and built it into the world #39;s biggest athletic-shoe maker, will step down next month as chief executive officer.
0	Paisley claims IRA ready to decommission DUP leader, Ian Paisley has claimed confidential sources have told him the IRA may be about to go ahead and decommission its weapons.
0	Verdict Due for Afghan in Killing of Journalists  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan court is expected to announce a  verdict on Saturday in a closed-door trial of a man accused of  killing four foreign journalists, including two from Reuters,  just after the fall of the Taliban three years ago.
0	UN chief congratulates Bush on re-election United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on Wednesday congratulated US President George W. Bush on his re-election and hoped to maintain  quot;positive and productive quot; relations 
0	EU-Iranian nuclear talks hit snag - diplomats EU-Iranian talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag, even as deadlines are beginning to fall towards resolving the crisis, diplomats told AFP Wednesday.
2	SEC Won #39;t Punish Global Crossing Founder US regulators have decided against filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. (GLBC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) founder Gary Winnick following a probe of its accounting practices, his attorney said on Monday.
1	Bobcats Beat The Hornets CHARLOTTE, NC -- The Charlotte Bobcats won their first meeting with the New Orleans Hornets last night! It was the Hornets first trip back to Charlotte since their bitter departure after the 2001-2002 season.
0	Socialists in France give lift to EU charter PARIS A resounding vote in favor of the European Union constitution by France #39;s opposition Socialist Party was welcomed Thursday across a Continent that faces a string of national referendums on the treaty next year.
3	Feds Take On  #39;Spamford #39; Wallace In Spyware Case With Congress considering new legislation to increase penalties against spyware companies that install programs on people #39;s computers without their knowledge, the Federal Trade Commission last week filed a complaint against Sanford Wallace, the New 
3	Virgin offers music downloads Virgin has become the latest company to launch an online music download service, but UK music fans will have to wait before they can give it a try.
0	Cuban billboards highlight US abuses Cuba has erected several huge billboards near the US mission with pictures of abused Iraqi prisoners and American soldiers pointing a rifle at children.
0	UN assesses security in Darfur A UN mission goes to Darfur to see if Sudan's government is  keeping promises to improve security.
3	P2P start-up gets record label deals A small peer-to-peer start-up has won rights from three of the four major record labels to distribute their music online. The deals with Peer Impact , a new division of online marketing company Wurld Media 
1	Fired Up Hewitt Rallies Past Moya for Opening Win  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A fired-up Lleyton Hewitt underlined  his determination to end the season with a third Masters Cup  title as he rallied past Spain's Carlos Moya 6-7, 6-2, 6-4 to  complete their rain-delayed opening match on Tuesday.
2	Funds Grapple With Insurance Scandal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - If you have doubts about how mutual fund managers reacted to news that insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan was the target of a lawsuit by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, you need look only at the share price.
0	Baghdad violence kills at least 25 people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed. In a second dawn attack in the capital on Friday, guerrillas killed at 
3	Microsoft cuts key Longhorn feature By scaling back, company hopes to hit a 2006 release. Microsoft Corp. is dropping a highly touted new feature from its plans for the next generation of Windows -- scaling back ambitions for its biggest product 
0	Berlusconi Ally Gets 9-Year Prison Term for Links to Mafia An Italian court has sentenced a close political ally of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to nine years in prison for working with the mafia.
2	Wall Street Slogs Though Tepid, Short Session NEW YORK , Nov. 26 -- Stocks finished mixed Friday in a shortened session. The major indicators ended the week higher as investors looked forward to the results of the first weekend of holiday shopping and a jobs report next week.
3	Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung The company announces a new version of its wireless messaging and data access software.
2	Tales from the pit: A woman trader #39;s story If you #39;re a woman, Cari Lynn #39;s salty memoir will hearten you, though it might not sway you to enter the futures trading field.
2	Tech Spending Looks Up in Asia, E.Europe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Spending in Eastern Europe and Asia  is expected to lead a recovery in the global technology market  over the next three years, according to an industry report  released Tuesday.
2	China supports Russia #39;s WTO bid China and Russia yesterday completed talks concerning the latter #39;s proposed accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also mutually recognized the market economy status of each.
1	Safin out to catch Federer express Marat Safin, back to his best with a record-equalling third Paris Masters title, hopes to be a match for world No1 Roger Federer next year.
0	Grim Picture of Gaza's Mayhem  GAZA CITY -- Jumaa Saqqa, a senior physician at Gaza's Shifa Hospital, shuffled through a thick stack of photographs like a deck of playing cards. These are cherished possessions -- pictures of friends and neighbors, babies and children, famous people, militants, elderly men and women. Occasionally his eyes lit up as if he'd found an ace, and he flipped the picture on the desk.
2	Job growth continues but unemployment rate remains unchanged OTTAWA - The economy created another 34,300 jobs in October but the unemployment rate remained at 7.1 per cent as more people entered the labour force, Statistics Canada said Friday.
0	Report: Britain Wins U.S. Support for Mideast Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold\an international peace conference on the Middle East in London\early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.
0	Bomb explosion at banks kills one in Argentine One person was killed, another injured when three bombs exploded in a branch bank of US Citibank on Wednesday. A private guard of the bank died and a policeman was injured 
3	Mobile Gaming Ongoing Revenue Booster Mobile gaming users already play games an average 5.1 hours per week on various devices in the home, including PCs, game consoles and handhelds, versus 2.9 hours per week for all wireless users.
2	Disney 4Q Earnings Rise to \$516 Million Walt Disney Co. said Thursday that profit jumped 24 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, driven by growth at its television networks, theme parks and consumer products businesses.
3	Hollywood's Lion Kings All the morning headlines make clear that Sony is buying one of Hollywood's most famous studios, but it's Comcast and the future of content delivery that may make this merger more meaningful to consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	N.Irish Talks Deadlocked with Time Running Short (Reuters) Reuters - The British and Irish\prime ministers struggled to break an apparent deadlock in\talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for Northern\Ireland as a deadline loomed.
3	Briefly: The Woz has got game roundup Plus: Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.
0	New Satellite Photos May Show New Iran Nuclear Site (Reuters) Reuters - New satellite images show Iran's\Parchin military complex, southeast of Tehran, may be a site\for research, testing and production of nuclear weapons, a\nuclear expert said on Wednesday.
1	Report: UConn freshman in critical condition UConn freshman guard AJ Price was in intensive care Tuesday after being hospitalized in critical condition with flu-like symptoms, the Hartford Courant reported.
3	Expired Domain Names - Whos Getting Rich On Them? Expired Domain Names - Who's Getting Rich On Them?\\There is an interesting discussion at Cre8asite forums, I hadn't seen before in a search engine related forum about the number of companies that are buying up expired domains and putting Google adsense ads them. Google has a page for domain parking ...
1	'Rocket' Clemens Lands Record Seventh Cy Young Award  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens, at 42, became the  oldest Cy Young winner in Major League history on Tuesday,  claiming the award for a record seventh time.
2	H amp;R Block faces charge WASHINGTON -- US securities regulators have accused H amp;R Block Financial Advisors of fraud in selling customers some \$16 million US of Enron bonds in late 2001 as a safe investment when the energy-trading giant was imploding.
0	EU offers Iran incentives to halt nuclear program PARIS In an effort to stop Iran from producing a nuclear bomb, the 25 leaders of the European Union on Friday offered the country possible economic and political incentives if it suspends its production of enriched uranium.
3	Report: NASA Should Use Space Shuttle to Service Hubble (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A report from National Academy of \Sciences released today recommends that NASA scrap plans to service the Hubble \Space Telescope (HST) robotically and instead use a space shuttle to get the job \done as originally planned.
1	Canada Romps Ryan Smyth scored two goals to lead Canada to a 5-1 victory over Slovakia on Wednesday night in the World Cup of Hockey.
3	Gates Chats Up DRM, Web Services MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) chairman and chief software architect said the move to Web services (define) could ease the Internet #39;s security woes and that digital rights management can balance out piracy.
2	Georgia makes secret wealth offer Georgia's new president is offering a tax amnesty for people who hid earnings under the previous regime in an effort to boost the country's crumbling economy.
0	Asia-Europe Group Urged to Use Euros, Cut Dollar Dependence Asian and European nations should cut dollar dependence and use more euros in trade, according to an advisory group representing more than three dozen countries, which comprise half of the global economy.
3	Network Appliance Offers Up Flexible Storage The vendor adds features to its storage appliance to quickly bring back online storage that had been dedicated to an underused application.
0	Erdogan warns European Union not to meddle in Turkey #39;s affairs Turkish Premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan told the European Union on Friday not to meddle in Turkey #39;s domestic affairs after an EU Commission spokesman expressed concern over a delay in key penal code reforms.
3	Advertisers Go Digital to Track Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top marketers are going digital to  track the delivery of commercials into U.S. homes with a system  some advocates say will revolutionize advertising the way  product codes changed the selling of sliced bread.
0	Judging Error Gave Hamm Gold ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm's gold medal just lost its luster. A scoring mistake at the all-around gymnastics final cost South Korea's Yang Tae-young the gold that ended up going to Hamm, the International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday...
3	Red Hat Gets New CFO, Will Restate Results Red Hat #39;s decision to change the way it accounts for subscription revenues  quot;is an accounting issue, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
2	Oil Rises to Record on Reduced Gulf of Mexico Output, Imports Crude oil in New York rose to a record \$53.80 a barrel after the US said some production shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico caused by Hurricane Ivan may last as long as six months.
1	Packers Lead Rams 7-0 After One Quarter (AP) AP - Brett Favre started his 200th straight regular season game Monday night, but it was Green Bay's defense that gave the Packers a 7-0 first-quarter lead over the St. Louis Rams.
2	Kodak To Cut 600 Jobs in UK, 270 in France Kodak said the reductions are because of the increasing popularity of digital photography. The cutbacks are part of the three-year program Kodak announced in January to reduce its 
0	Iran ready to discuss nuclear issue  quot;without conditions quot;: official Iran on Sunday said it was ready tohold negotiations on its nuclear program  quot;without any conditions quot;,but Tehran could not be forced to do anything, the official IRNAnews agency reported.
1	Boston's Epstein on Verge of First Title (AP) AP - In the tumult of the visitors' clubhouse at Yankee Stadium, champagne pouring all around him, Theo Epstein held a beer.
2	Is ATI's Success Doomed? The graphics chipmaker is optimistic about the future, but competitors aren't standing still.
2	Brazil Jobless Falls to 7-Month Low (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil's unemployment\rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month\low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the\strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday.
0	Arafat doctors found 'no poison' Medical tests showed no traces of poisons in Yasser Arafat's body, says the former  Palestinian leader's nephew.
3	The wrong stuff: junk in space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away -- done 
1	Tennis: Leading seeds overcome difficulties to advance in Thailand &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BANGKOK : The leading trio of seeds each had to overcome niggles to achieve victories but Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Marat Safin all managed to reach the quarter-finals at the 550,000-dollar Thailand Open.
3	11 local Net file sharers targeted  quot;You Got Served quot; is the title of one movie a New York-area person is accused of making available for download over the Internet.
2	US Trade Body Confirms Free-Trade Ruling on Lumber (Update2) US duties of 27 percent on \$4.6 billion of Canadian lumber shipments may soon fall after the Washington-based International Trade Commission concurred with a trade panel #39;s ruling that the levies were baseless.
3	L.A. Development Unearths Indian Cemetery (AP) AP - It was inevitable that crews building a massive housing development near west Los Angeles wetlands would unearth American Indian remains.
1	Sooners #39; Jones to return; starting RB undecided Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops said Tuesday that running back Kejuan Jones would be able to play in the No. 2 Sooners #39; game Saturday against No.
2	Blockbuster Posts Big Loss on Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Blockbuster Inc.  on Wednesday\posted a  #36;1.42 billion quarterly loss due to a charge, while\profit from its operations slid due to higher marketing costs,\falling rental demand and escalating competition.
2	Elpida makes solid debut on TSE TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., a chipmaking joint venture between Japanese electronics giants Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp.
0	Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' (AP) AP - Iran is ready to provide "guarantees" it won't seek nuclear weapons and warned the United States that success in stabilizing Iraq and Afghanistan was impossible without Iranian support, the president said Saturday.
0	Qanuni Says Candidates to Accept Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - The chief rival to Afghan President Hamid  Karzai in last week's historic presidential election said on  Monday he and several other candidates had dropped a plan to  boycott the election process.
3	Worldwide mobile phone market posts healthy gains Worldwide mobile phone sales exceeded 156.4 million units in the second quarter of 2004, a 35 percent increase over the second quarter of 2003, according to a report released this week by Gartner Inc.
1	Huskies quickness overwhelms Utes ANCHORAGE, ALASKA - The Utah Utes have something the Washington Huskies dont: a pure big man blessed with silky talents. But the Huskies have something the Utes dont: swarming, suffocating, overwhelming quickness.
0	Vancouver Muslim leader espouses jihad, calls Jews 'monkeys and swine' (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The leader of a Vancouver mosque attended regularly by a local man reported killed in Chechnya has preached the virtues of jihad and called Jews "the brothers of monkeys and swine."
1	Real Madrid will resist Chelsea, Arsenal Beckham offers Real Madrid president Florentino Perez has vowed to keep midfielder David Beckham away from interested Premiership clubs. Perez will resist any efforts by Chelsea or Arsenal to make a move for him at the end of the season.
0	Indian inflation falls to 7.81 pct (Reuters) Reuters - India's annual wholesale price inflation rate fell to 7.81 percent in the year to Sept. 4 due to lower prices of oilseeds and poultry and a higher base effect, data showed on Friday.
2	US Chamber Asks Court to Overturn Rule on Mutual Fund Boards The United States Chamber of Commerce said on Thursday that it had asked a federal court to overturn a rule requiring mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen and majorities of independent directors.
3	Musicians don #39;t fear the internet: report WASHINGTON - A new report suggests that musicians do not see the internet as a threat, a conclusion that flies in the face of efforts by the recording industry to crack down on people who use file-sharing networks like Kazaa.
3	Old computers: An IT department liability that's costing more More and more resellers of used computer equipment are charging to erase data that may still be left on hard drives.
1	Houston to host 2006 NBA All-Star Game Houston, TX (Sports Network) - The NBA announced on Tuesday that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston #39;s Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
0	Tokyo Stocks Higher; Dollar Up Vs. Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened higher Monday as investors welcomed the U.S. dollar's strength against the Japanese yen.
2	ADV: Health Insurance for the Self-Employed! Affordable health, dental, and life insurance for you and your family. Ideal for self-employed, small business owners. Fill out our form for a competitive quote.
1	Phillies sign Lieber to three-year, \$21 million deal The Philadelphia Phillies made a move to bolster their starting rotation by signing free agent righthander Jon Lieber to a three-year, \$21 million contract on Wednesday.
3	Master PHP and MySQL web development &lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off best-selling title
1	Shevchenko Puts Milan Back on Track A superb second-half performance by Andriy Shevchenko saw champions AC Milan kickstart their season with a 2-1 win in Rome against Lazio tonight.
1	Beckham pleased to see Eriksson rule out Real job David Beckham says that he is delighted that England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson has ruled himself out of the running as a possible future coach of Real Madrid.
3	20,000 American Indians to March at National Museum Opening Across the Americas, Native Americans are preparing for Tuesday's opening powwow in Washington, D.C. #151;the largest such gathering in recent times.
1	British canoe pair lose out ATHENS (Reuters) - Slovakian twins Peter and Pavol Hochschorner have paddled to a stunning victory in the men #39;s two man canoe to retain the title they won in Sydney. 
0	Scotland Joins Growing Anti-Tobacco Movement (Reuters) Reuters - Scotland became the latest country to\take a stand against tobacco on Wednesday by announcing a ban\on smoking in public buildings.
1	Basketball: U.S., Russia Set for Semifinal Showdown  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team cruised to another victory Wednesday, pummeling Greece  102-72 to advance to the Olympic semi-finals.
1	NFL Game Summary - Carolina at Kansas City Foster was only four yards short of tying Davis #39; team record of 178 rushing yards in one game. Davis accomplished that feat on October 26, 2003.
0	Ukrainian CEC announces elections results: Yushchenko overtakes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ukrainian PM Viktor Yanukovich has received 40.03 of the vote (10,807,068 votes), and Viktor Yushchenko has 39.16 (10,572,530) in the Ukrainian presidential election.
3	Look for lower prices on thin TVs While hanging a television on the living-room wall may have captured the imagination of American consumers, it has yet to empty many pocketbooks.
0	Inflamed brain link to autism Scientists have produced compelling evidence that autism may in some cases be linked to inflammation of the brain.
2	\$55 Oil Weighs on Shares as Dollar Sags  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets fell and the  dollar toyed with multi-month lows on Monday as U.S. crude  topped \$55 a barrel and investors prepared for a busy week of  company results.
0	South Korea Tightens Security Following New Al-Qaida Threat South Korea has tightened security at home and overseas after a new threat by the al-Qaida terrorist network against countries supporting the US-led coalition in Iraq.
1	Ole Miss officials interview Erickson San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson met with Mississippi #39;s athletics director and chancellor for two hours Tuesday night to discuss the school #39;s vacant head coaching position.
2	Transco to sell 4 gas networks for \$10.4 bn National Grid Transco (NGT), the UK gas and electricity distributor, announced today a sale price of 5.8 billion (\$10.4 billion) in cash and 130 million in liabilities for four of its local gas distribution networks.
1	Shaq Leads Heat Past Bucks 101-96 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored eight of his 18 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Miami Heat to a 101-96 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.
0	Deadly Blast Mars Chechen Voting GROZNY, Russia Aug. 29, 2004 - Chechens battered by five years of war, terrorism and misery voted Sunday for a president in an election that the Russian government portrayed as step toward stability, though 
3	Deutsche Telekom Boosts 3rd-Quarter Profit (AP) AP - German phone giant Deutsche Telekom AG said Thursday its third-quarter net profit jumped to 1.39 billion euros ( #36;1.73 billion) amid growth at its wireless and Internet businesses, and raised its full-year forecast.
0	Israeli Minister Retracts Threat to Quit Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud Party, but a minority religious party quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's coalition in protest over the plan to remove Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.
1	Giants Overcome Marlins 6-5 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Rudy Seanez intentionally walked Barry Bonds to load the bases in the 10th inning, then couldn't throw a strike when he tried. Pinch-hitter A.J. Pierzynski walked on four pitches to force in the tiebreaking run, and the San Francisco Giants beat the Florida Marlins 6-5 on Wednesday night.
1	Tennis: Safin Advances to China Open Finals Former US Open champion Marat Safin of Russia has advanced to the finals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing after scoring a straight-set win over Finland #39;s Jarkko Nieminen 6-2, 6-4.
1	Yankees Sweep to Widen Lead With two easy victories, the Yankees did something they had not done in the previous 16 days. They gained ground on the Boston Red Sox.
2	Holiday Shopping Season: Retailers Have One Last Chance To Get It Right (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The holiday shopping season is entering the home stretch. And with some retailers depending on seasonal spending for half or more of their sales, the stakes are high.
2	Oracle concern at  #39;brain drain #39; Oracle, the American corporate software giant, has admitted it is feeling the pressure of its protracted takeover battle for PeopleSoft, saying that it was worried that valuable staff were starting to leave its acquisition target.
0	10 Afghans Released From Guatanamo Bay At least 10 Afghans, including a nomad leader who fought with the Taliban, have been released from a U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials said Wednesday.
3	Clouds may block lunar eclipse A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
2	America West declines to bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp., of Phoenix, the parent company of America West Airlines, declined to bid for bankrupt ATA #39;s assets Thursday, America West said.
1	Tennis: Hewitt and Mauresmo show their hunger for titles NEW YORK Lleyton Hewitt has not won a Grand Slam title in more than two years. Despite being a top-10 player for four years, Amlie Mauresmo has never won a Grand Slam title.
1	Spain and US braced for Davis Cup battle ARMED with a shiny baseball bat and facing Andy Roddicks infamous knuckle ball in a post-practice laugh-in, Rafael Nadal took three swishes and connected only with the mist his breath left hanging in the air.
0	Brunei Convenes Legislature After 20 Years (AP) AP - Brunei's absolute ruler convened the tiny oil-rich sultanate's legislature for the first time in two decades Saturday to mull constitutional amendments that are expected to further strengthen his rule.
0	Former private school teacher to face criminal charges in court Wednesday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A former Upper Canada College teacher made a brief court appearance Monday to face sexual assault charges.
2	BA cuts 1,000 flights to beat delays British Airways has cancelled nearly 1,000 flights at Heathrow over the next three months in an effort to halt a slide in the reliability of its timetable.
3	Stargazers enjoy eclipse Amateur stargazers who stayed up into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon. Bad weather had threatened to obscure 
2	Salvation Army looks for new fundraising  quot;target quot; It #39;s going to be a little quieter outside of Target stores this holiday season. The company isn #39;t allowing the Salvation Army bell ringers outside its stores.
3	IBM Launches Low-Cost Storage Server IBM (Quote, Chart) moved to undercut its rivals Friday by offering an entry-level storage server for about a third less than the street cost of EMC #39;s (Quote, Chart) and HP #39;s comparable products.
0	New Quakes Rock Japan #39;s Niigata; Tokyo Buildings Sway (Update2) Japan #39;s northern prefecture of Niigata, struck on Saturday by the country #39;s deadliest temblor since 1995, was today rocked by fresh earthquakes strong enough to sway buildings in Tokyo.
1	Tourists hoping to surprise Aussies at home PAKISTAN cricket coach Bob Woolmer is hoping his new look team can catch Australia by surprise when their three Test series starts next month.
3	Boeing, Northrop Grumman to team up on spaceship Two US aerospace giants, Boeing and Northrop Grumman, say they will form a partnership to compete for the contract to build NASA  #39;s next manned spaceship, China Radio International reported Thursday.
2	UN report: Foreign direct investment on rise in Lebanon BEIRUT: Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Lebanon rose to \$358 million in 2003 compared to \$257 million in 2002, a jump of 12.1 percent, according to a World Investment Report issued Wednesday 
2	Let the stuffing begin No one may be more prepared to brave this week #39;s holiday travel rush than Craig and Angela Koven, of Indianapolis, who plan to fly to Orlando to visit family.
1	Injury Sidelines Broncos #39; Griffin for Year DENVER - Denver running back Quentin Griffin is out for the year. The team placed Griffin on injured reserve Wednesday, two days after he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during a 23-10 loss at Cincinnati.
3	Resident Evil 4 Exclusive No More November 01, 2004 - It looks like the folks at Capcom Entertainment were only kidding when they sternly insisted over and over again that the GameCube action-thriller Resident Evil 4 would forever remain exclusive to Nintendo #39;s console.
1	Ferguson begins war of words LONDON, Oct. 17. - Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson today reopened his war of words with Arsenals Mr Arsene Wenger, a week before the two clubs Premier League confrontation at Old Trafford.
1	NFL Game Summary - NY Jets At Miami Miami, FL -- Donnie Abraham returned an interception 66 yards for a touchdown to help the New York Jets to a 17-9 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Pro Player Stadium.
3	Dell targets iPod Mini with new MP3 player (MacCentral) MacCentral - Dell Inc. took the wraps off its holiday lineup on Thursday, showing new printers, plasma televisions and music players that will soon be available through its Web site.
1	Shining Light: New England inks tackle to extension Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots Wednesday signed left tackle Matt Light to a six-year contract extension. As per team policy, financial terms were not released.
2	Stocks Seen Flat as Oil Hits New Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open flat on  Monday, with high oil prices expected to take center stage amid  light trading volume on the Columbus Day holiday.
2	Monsanto Posts Narrower 4Q Loss Monsanto Co., a producer of Roundup herbicide and insect-resistant seeds, posted narrower fourth-quarter losses on Wednesday, but said lower Roundup herbicide sales in the United States hurt total quarterly revenue.
0	Pakistan's Musharraf Says Won't Quit as Army Chief  KARACHI (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf  has said he will stay on as army chief, reneging on a pledge to  quit the powerful post by the end of the year.
1	Astros Lead Braves Jeff Bagwell and Raul Chavez homered, and the Houston Astros took a 2-0 lead over the Atlanta Braves heading into the fourth inning Thursday, as Houston moved a step closer to winning a playoff series for the first time.
3	Nokia Adds RFID to Latest Handsets Nokia #39;s RFID system offers consumers access to browsing and text message services by touching tags that contain service shortcuts.
2	New Law Could Sink Check Writers ATLANTA -- New federal laws take effect Thursday that could dramatically shorten the time it takes for a check to clear the bank because the information will now be transmitted electronically.
1	Another opponent is left smarting ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Two plays. Two decisions. The difference between two teams. Many things and not many things separated the New England Patriots from the Buffalo Bills yesterday at Ralph Wilson Stadium, but two plays made clear why the Patriots have won their last 18 games while the Bills have now lost six straight and 10 of their last ...
3	Blair Faces Test of Bush Friendship on Environment (Reuters) Reuters - Tony Blair will get short shrift from\George W. Bush on global warming when he leads the G8 in 2005\but the fight with Washington might help him shed the "poodle"\tag he got over support for the Iraq war, analysts say.
0	Islamist group may have downed Russian planes Dubai - An Islamist group has claimed that it hijacked two Russian planes that crashed this week, killing at least 89 people, and threatened more attacks, according to an Internet statement posted on Friday.
2	Lindows delays planned offering SAN DIEGO -- Software vendor Lindows Inc. formally postponed its initial public offering yesterday, citing adverse market conditions.
2	Japan #39;s Nikkei Average, Topix Fall; DoCoMo, Canon Lead Decline Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell 39.75, or 0.4 percent, to 10,731.67 at 9:02 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index dropped 3.93, or 0.4 percent, to 1081.
1	American Hits Wrong Target, Loses Gold Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant  but he got his numbers terribly wrong on Sunday.
0	17 people killed in explosions in India In India, at least 17 people have been killed and up to 55 wounded in four explosions in the country #39;s troubled northeast. Police say three blasts occurred in Dimapur, the commercial hub of Nagaland state, killing 16 people.
2	UPDATE 2-LUKOIL says Conoco can book 10 pct of its reserves US oil firm ConocoPhillips (COP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will be able to add 10 percent of Russian major LUKOIL #39;s (LKOH.RTS: Quote, Profile, Research) total reserves to its books after it completes buying a 10 percent stake 
3	Search Engine for Programming Code Search Engine for Programming Code\\An article at Newsforge pointed me to Koders ( http://www.koders.com ) a search engine for finding programming code. Nifty.\\The front page allows you to specify keywords, sixteen languages (from ASP to VB.NET) and sixteen licenses (from AFL to ZPL -- fortunately there's an information page to ...
1	Soccer: Another defeat could see England coach Pole-axed VIENNA - England head into Thursday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland knowing a repeat of their mistakes in a 2-2 draw with Austria could leave them looking for a new manager.
2	Can MSN music unseat iTunes? The software giant quietly raised the curtain for its MSN Music Web site, which offers song downloads for 99 cents. The store also has a home in Windows Media Player 10, which is slated to launch on Thursday.
3	Race on to Build Fiber Optic Networks - Alvarion (Reuters) Reuters - Broadband services using fiber optic\networks are expected to grow in the coming years with the race\now on among companies to develop this technology, the chairman\of Israel's Alvarion Ltd.  said on Tuesday.
3	Groups Join, Seek Action on Global Warming (AP) AP - More than a dozen conservation and public health advocacy groups joined on Tuesday to throw their collective support behind further legislative action to prevent global warming.
2	Dollar Slumps on Regional Factory Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged on Thursday,  pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected U.S. regional  manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as  dealers awaited comments on U.S. inflation due next week from  the Federal Reserve.
3	7-Eleven Turns To HP To Streamline Operations The rollout of new servers and networking switches in stores is part of a five-year agreement supporting 7-Eleven #39;s Retail Information System.
3	Hitachi launches next-generation USP Barcelona  ITWeb, 8 September 2004 - In a global launch, Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) has announced its new universal storage platform (USP), TagmaStore, which the company says features technologies previously not available in enterprise storage systems.
3	Sybase Offers Free Database for Linux Company hopes to attract users who will later upgrade to its small business software.
2	Anil will speak when necessary Reliance Industries vice-chairman Anil Ambani broke his silence on Thursday. But not to comment on the  quot;ownership issue quot; raised by elder brother and chairman Mukesh Ambani.
0	China to seek end of arms embargo at Sino-EU summit BEIJING (AFP) - Prime Minister Wen Jiabao will urge the European Union to lift a 15-year-old arms embargo and call on the continent to view China as a full market economy during an EU-China summit beginning Wednesday in the Hague.
1	Richmond race difficult to predict Matt Kenseth says that Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock and Roll 400  quot;is going to be a little bit wilder than we #39;re used to seeing - and Richmond is usually pretty wild as it is.
3	Israelis, American Win Nobel for Chemistry (AP) AP - Two Israelis and an American won the Nobel Prize in chemistry Wednesday for showing how cells can give a "kiss of death" to destroy unwanted proteins, a finding that could help scientists find new medicines for cancer and other diseases. The award marks the first time an Israeli has won a Nobel science prize.
0	Mine Explosion Kills 21 in Kazakhstan Twenty-one people died Sunday in an explosion at a mine in the Karaganda region in Kazakhstan, the Interfax news agency said. About 100 miners were at the Shakhtinskaya mine at the time of the incident, which took place in the early hours of Sunday.
3	Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Mac Jupiter Research senior analyst Joe Wilcox said that he is somewhat surprised Google is pursuing a search utility for the Mac.  quot;The search utility within a Mac OS X is already quite good, quot; Wilcox said.
2	Dollar May Gain on Speculation Fed Will Raise Interest Rates The dollar may rise for a second day against the euro in Asia on speculation Federal Reserve policy makers will raise the key interest rate in a meeting today and signal more increases to come.
1	Wimbledon Champ Sharapova Wins Japan Open (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova overpowered Mashona Washington 6-0, 6-1 on Saturday to win the Japan Open for the second straight year.
2	UPDATE 1-US mortgage applications fall last week-MBA New applications for US home loans dropped more than 9 percent last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates also eased from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
1	In the air over there (Oct. 11, 2004) -- It is only Oct. 11, but for all practical purposes, the loser of this game faces a mountain too big to climb to make the playoffs.
1	Golf: Swiss Youngster Clement Sets the Early Pace  MADRID (Reuters) - Switzerland's Julien Clement, lying  174th on the European money-list, was the surprise early Madrid  Open leader after shooting a sparkling first-round 64 on  Thursday.
1	NBA Game Summary - Memphis At Minnesota Minneapolis, MN -- Kevin Garnett shot 11-of-15 for 26 points to go with 15 rebounds as the Minnesota Timberwolves trounced the deflated Memphis Grizzlies, 115-90, at the Target Center.
1	Former US attorney to probe Boston police pepper ball shooting An independent panel headed by former US Attorney Donald K. Stern will investigate the death of a college student who was shot by police using pepper pellet guns to subdue rowdy Red Sox fans after the team won the American League pennant.
0	Russian Workers Rally for Higher Wages (AP) AP - Frustrated with meager salaries that have not kept pace with inflation, teachers, doctors and other state employees rallied Wednesday across Russia to demand higher wages.
1	Radcliffe confirms bid for 10,000m World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe will run in Friday evening #39;s women #39;s 10,000 meters final. British athletics team spokeswoman Emily Lewis said Radcliffe had confirmed 
2	Sprint: Nextel #39;s Savior NEW YORK - Just two months after the announcement that Cingular Wireless will acquire AT amp;T Wireless, Sprint has announced that it plans to buy Nextel Communications for \$35 billion.
1	Cowboys' Jones Out With Broken Shoulder (AP) AP - Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones broke his left shoulder and is expected to be out about two months.
0	Canada Steals March on U.S. With Libya Visit (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, keen\to play a greater role in a world dominated by the United States,\heads to Libya on Saturday for the latest in a series of\high-profile foreign trips.
2	Update 1: Medical Device Approvals Keep Stocks Up Medical device and drug company stocks closed up Wednesday after being in the spotlight after two device companies reported Food and Drug Administration approvals for products, but shares of Cyberonics Inc.
3	Analysts concerned about longer-than-expected G5 delays Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS are warning that delayed shipments of G5 chips from IBM could affect Apple Computer's bottom line
3	From Citation for Nobel Prize in Chemistry (AP) AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Prize in chemistry to Israelis Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko and American Irwin Rose for their work on how cells break down.
3	Add-On Toolkit For Outlook Cuts Clutter A small Oregon-based company on Wednesday released a set of integrated add-on tools for Microsoft #39;s Outlook e-mail client. 
0	Japan typhoon leaves five dead, four missing Five people were dead and four still missing on Sunday as Japan began a clean up after the most powerful typhoon in a decade hit the Tokyo region.
1	Sweden #39;s four-goal avalanche buries Germany STOCKHOLM, Sweden (Ticker) -- Toronto Maple Leafs captain Mats Sundin made sure Sweden did not have a relapse. Sundin scored a goal and set up two others and Tomas Holmstrom of the Detroit Red Wings added 
2	Kmarts to be converted into some kind of Sears Sears Roebuck and Co. probably will put a new spin on the Sears name for the 56 stores it is taking over from Kmart and Wal-Mart.  quot;Sears will be in the name, but we #39;re reviewing whether the name will be something 
2	Nortel probe one of Canada #39;s biggest In what will be one of Canada #39;s largest white-collar crime investigations, the RCMP will assign as many as two dozen officers and forensic accountants to the criminal investigation of Nortel Networks Corp., a source familiar ...
2	KMart to Sell 18 Stores to Home Depot Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it finalized a deal to sell 18 of its stores to Home Depot Inc.
0	Ten killed in fresh Assam attack Ten people die in a shooting in a market in Assam, following a weekend of violence in India's north-east.
1	Baseball: Bonds #39;s pursuit of 700th homer to continue at home MILWAUKEE, United States : Barry Bonds banged out three hits, but failed to join Major League Baseball #39;s exclusive 700 home run club as the San Francisco Giants wrapped up a series against the Brewers.
1	JAGS FACING LEFTWICH LAYOFF The Jacksonville Jaguars playoff dreams may well have been dealt the biggest blow they could have imagined. Quarterback Byron Leftwich, who once played a college football game with a fractured shin, has sustained 
0	U.S., Shiites Fight in Baghdad; 5 Killed BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shiite militants and U.S. forces battled throughout the Baghdad slum of Sadr City, and a mortar barrage slammed into a busy neighborhood in the capital in a new wave of violence Saturday that killed at least five people and wounded dozens of others...
0	Israel launches air strike on Jabaliya Early Friday, Israels air forces launched a deadly air strike at four Palestinian fighters in Jabaliya, killing two and critically wounding a third, witnesses said.
3	Microsoft to Help Users Prep for Patching Software giant will publish advance notice of security bulletins.
0	Turkish Company to Leave Iraq, After Driver Kidnapped A Turkish shipping company says it is withdrawing from Iraq, after militants kidnapped one of its drivers and threatened to behead him.
2	Iran Expects OPEC to Leave Quotas Steady (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC ministers will concentrate on quota\compliance rather than cutting official production ceilings to\combat falling oil prices when they meet in Cairo this week,\Iran's oil minister was quoted as saying on Monday.
2	Stocks End Flat; Intel Leaps After Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks finished little changed on  Thursday, pausing after Wednesday's sharp rally. But after the  closing bell, shares of Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; shot 7 percent  higher as the chip maker raised its revenue target.
2	SEC Inspections Yield More Referrals Risk-assessment techniques are yielding results at the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the number of enforcement referrals from SEC inspectors is up significantly in the last six months, senior SEC officials said.
0	OutKast triumph at MTV Awards Hip-hop duo OutKast and rapper Jay-Z are among the main winners at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards. 
3	Bush vs. the Laureates: How Science Became a Partisan Issue Why is science seemingly at war with President Bush?
0	Arafat #39;s Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused senior Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive quot; and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit her critically ill husband.
2	Selling sentiment: the greeting-card industry Mass-production greeting cards are store-bought sentiment. They are meant to convey endearing words to a friend or loved one on a special occasion.
3	Experts Say Control Systems Vulnerable (AP) AP - Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday.
1	Celebration bringing fans from all over From the foot of the White Mountains to the tidal flats of Ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that Pedro, Manny, and Curt are revered, they heard the call beckoning them to the shrine of Beantown baseball.
2	RETAIL TALES Sears Roebuck and Co. scored a surprising sales jump in November, but retail experts warned Thursday that disappointing sales at other merchants may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains.
1	Baseball Owners to Vote on Expos Move (AP) AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig scheduled a conference call for Friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington.
2	New Yukos warning after \$2.6 bn ruling Yukos issued a fresh warning yesterday that it could be forced to cut output, after a court ruling allowing authorities to seize up to \$2.
1	Rooney double helps Man Utd stay alive Wayne Rooney scored twice to keep alive Manchester United #39;s fading hopes of winning the Premiership. Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert went close for Newcastle before Rooney volleyed home Darren Fletcher #39;s cross.
1	Sea change: Curacao on top of the world SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Carlos Pineda looked shaky when he started with three consecutive balls and then hit California's leadoff batter. But he got a lot better in a hurry.
3	AMD 2500 Socket A CPUs Compared SuperPuppy writes  quot;Hardcoreware.net has rounded up three 2500 Socket A processors from AMD. An AthlonXP, based on the Barton core (this particular one predates the locked multipliers we #39;ve been seeing lately 
1	SIZING UP SHAQ STAT LINE: Shaquille O #39;Neal had 24 points, 17 rebounds and four blocked shots in 38 minutes Friday against the Pistons. POWER PLAY: The crowd buzzed with anticipation when fan favorite Darko Milicic caught the ball on the block with O #39;Neal on his back.
1	Winky has an eye for fights that pay Now that Winky Wright has twice beaten Shane Mosley, he #39;s aiming for the megafights -- and the megabucks.  quot;I #39;m from the  #39;hood, and it #39;s time to get paid, quot; Wright said after winning his rematch 
1	Athens throws Paralympic party for largest games ever More than 3,800 disabled athletes gathered Friday for the opening ceremony of the largest Paralympics in the games #39; 44-year history.
3	In Dorms, a Method to The Matches Computer-based matching system helps students to find the most compatible roommates.
2	Former Enron finance executive testifies in barge case HOUSTON (AP _ A former Enron finance executive says he realized in May 2000 that the company #39;s purported 1999 barge sale to Merrill Lynch was improper.
1	For shining moment, Kvapil has enough in tank LOUDON, N.H. -- The sun came out -- finally -- 100 laps into yesterday's Sylvania 200 Craftsman Truck Series at New Hampshire International Speedway. Trouble is, it was a bit after 6 p.m. and the sun also happened to be setting behind the main grandstand.
2	Delta Air Lines Sees Loss Mushrooming (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  on Friday\forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had\estimated because of weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel\costs, driven by record-high oil prices.
0	Arafat to Fly to France for Medical Treatment  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Ailing leader Yasser  Arafat, the icon of the struggle for a Palestinian state, has  agreed to be flown to France on Friday for medical treatment,  Palestinian officials said.
2	Asian Stocks Ease After China Rate Rise  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - China's surprise interest rate rise  weighed down Asian stocks on Friday as investors sold shares of  miners, shippers and other firms whose fortunes have been  closely linked to the country's rapid growth.
2	Investor Profile: Asensio Ponders Long Bet As a dedicated short-seller for nearly eight years, Manuel Asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business.
3	Novell has new face under Linux, identity services Editor #39;s Summary: Novell announced this week it has reorganized internally to better focus on two development areas: Linux and identity services.
2	Airlines  #39;end 2004 \$5bn in red #39; The world #39;s airline industry is set to rack up losses of almost \$5bn (2.6bn, 3.6bn euros) this year, global airline body AITA has forecast.
1	League Ponders Letting Williams Return Faster As the N.F.L. and a lawyer for the Ricky Williams close in on an agreement to allow Williams to be reinstated, the question remains whether he is interested in returning.
1	Chants of Red Sox Fans Don't Faze Yankees (AP) AP - Led by police, Jorge Posada and the Yankees calmly walked through a throng of Red Sox fans, taunted with one angry chant after another while heading from the clubhouse to their buses outside Fenway Park.
2	Business Flying Seen Up 10 Pct in 2005  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Business travel by air is likely to  increase by about 10 percent in 2005 after an initial recovery  in 2004 but the uptick is seen aiding mainly low-cost carriers,  a U.S. industry survey released on Thursday found.
3	Space Station Crew Forced to Cut Calories gollum123 writes  quot;CNN and others are reporting that food is running so low aboard the international space station that both the crew members have been asked to cut their calories, at least until a Russian supply ship arrives in a little over two weeks.
3	Intel Cancels Plan to Enter Digital TV Chip Market  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it has canceled its plan to enter the digital television  chip business, marking a major retreat from an initiative that  was intended to broaden the computer chip maker's market focus.
2	Update 1: Blockbuster May Raise Offer for Rival Blockbuster Inc., locked in a bidding war for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., announced Wednesday that it may sweeten its offer for the rival video renter.
3	Vonage and Boingo Wireless to market VoIP together Boingo Wireless and Vonage Holdings Corp., announced a relationship to bring VoIP services to the market bundled with wireless offers.
2	Just flush with pride Authorities here are always eager to show off their accomplishments, so when Beijing hosted the World Toilet Organization conference last week, delegates were given a grand tour of the city's toilets.
2	Avon Lowers U.S. Sales Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit, but  continued concerns over weakness in the United states pushed  the stock 7 percent lower.
2	Intercontinental plans hotel sale Intercontinental Hotels plans to shed properties worth 750m (1.3bn) to help it recover from three years of falling hotel bookings.
1	Gasol inks extension with Grizzlies CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Pau Gasol agreed to a multiyear contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday.  quot;We are delighted to reach a contract agreement with Pau, quot; Jerry West, the Grizzlies #39; president of basketball operations, said Friday.
2	Consumer confidence at seven-month low in US Washington - US consumers #39; confidence skidded for a third consecutive month in October as they fretted over jobs, a Conference Board survey showed yesterday.
2	Gambro Sells U.S. Kidney Clinics Unit  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish kidney-care company Gambro AB  has signed an agreement to sell its U.S. clinics business to  dialysis firm DaVita Inc. for \$3.05 billion in cash, Gambro  said on Tuesday.
2	Rates Mean End of Low Interest Costs  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Despite record federal deficits, the  Bush administration has benefited from historically low  interest payments, but as rates continue to rise, the era of  cheap debt service may be over.
0	Orange makes fashion, political statements in Kiev KIEV -- Orange scarves, suspenders, turtlenecks, sunglasses, even diapers. Viktor Yushchenko's supporters have flooded the streets of the Ukrainian capital sporting the opposition candidate's color. It's a fashion statement with a political message.
0	UK plays down Mideast talks LONDON: Talk about a Middle East peace conference in London early next year is  quot;premature, quot; a spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said last night.
1	Under the Weight of 700, Bonds Returns Home to Lift His Growing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Barry Bonds stood in the on-deck circle at Miller Park on Thursday afternoon, he gazed upon the thousands who had come to see him hit a ball into the seats, and he recognized a face from home.
1	Goosen wins Nedbank Challenge South African Retief Goosen, the US Open champion, shot a final-round 69 to win the US\$4.06 million (euro3.05 million) Nedbank Golf Challenge on the 7,162-meter (7,835 yard) par-72 Gary Player Country Club course.
3	Nintendo says 12 DS games to debut in Japan TOKYO - Nintendo says it will make available 12 software titles for its new  quot;DS quot; handheld game console when the dual-screen machine debuts in Japan on Dec. 2. Nintendo is gearing up to defend its market share 
1	Adebayor shoots Monaco to top spot in France Togo #39;s Emmanuel Adebayor shot Monaco to the top of the French league table with the winner in a 1-0 victory over Paris Saint Germain who thought their season could not get any worse.
3	Microsoft Puts Fingerprint Readers Into Hardware (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Wednesday\unveiled a new array of keyboard and mice, with some featuring\built-in fingerprint readers to make it easier for users to log\on to personal computers and Web sites.
3	Liberty Alliance holdout IBM ends resistance and joins IBM is the latest company to join the Liberty Alliance, a global consortium led by Sun Microsystems that is working to develop standards for managing user identities.
1	Staley Questionable, Bettis Probable for Steelers (Reuters) Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers running\back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at\Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
1	California Blackout Sure, California quarterback Aaron Rodgers and running back JJ Arrington get the lion share of the publicity for the Golden Bears.
2	Damage to increase grapefruit price tag Florida will produce the smallest grapefruit crop in almost 70 years after three hurricanes hit the state #39;s citrus producing counties, blowing over trees, ripping fruit from limbs and flooding groves.
3	Microsoft sets summer delivery of SQL Server com October 20, 2004, 2:34 PM PT. According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
1	McDOWELL #39;S CUP CLAIMS FADE There appeared to be another faller in the Ryder Cup chase today when Ulsterman Graeme McDowell failed to make the dramatic move he needed in the third round of the BMW International Open in Munich.
3	IDF - Intel seeks role in development of the next Internet To handle the demands of the next-generation Internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing Internet structure, said Intel Corp.
0	Two senior officials 'leave CIA' Two senior CIA officials are reported to have quit in the latest sign of turmoil within the US spy organisation.
2	Oil Prices Slide Despite Iraq Export Drop WASHINGTON (AP) -- Oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day Thursday despite a sharp drop in Iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged -- evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam.
2	China Aviation Oil chief arrested SINGAPORE - Singapore authorities on Wednesday arrested the chief of beleaguered China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp following his return from China, a police spokesman said.
1	Manchester United draws and makes it harder for themselves If Arsenal is having a bad time in the English Premiere League after their defeat to Manchester United, they are not alone. Even Manchester United is failing to capitalize on that win with more draws in the league.
2	Citigroup sacks top executives over Japan debacle NEW YORK, October 21 (newratings.com) - Global banking giant Citigroup #39;s (C.NYS) recent move to terminate three top executives, in the wake of the recent debacle in the companys Japanese operations, has been widely welcomed by Wall Street analysts.
3	Pupils to get anti-piracy lessons Songwriter Guy Chambers helps schools introduce lessons on music piracy and copyright.
1	History promises memorable Chennai encounter Over the years, the ground has produced some of the most endearing moments between the two countries. In the 1969-70 series, the match produced a shoot-out between two of the best post-war 
1	Falcons #39; Dunn is OK, team reports Falcons running back Warrick Dunn, who did not return to Sunday #39;s win over the Panthers after suffering a cramp in his hamstring in the third quarter, does not appear to be seriously injured.
0	Seven Palestinians Killed in Gaza Clashes BEIT LAHIA, Gaza Strip Sept. 9, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s expulsion is  quot;closer than ever, quot; the Israeli foreign minister said in remarks broadcast Thursday, and seven Palestinians were killed and 27 wounded 
0	UN staff plan no-confidence vote against top management UNITED NATIONS: The UN staff union was meeting late last night to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the United Nations, which has been hit by a series of scandals involving top UN officials.
2	Russia sets date for auction of oil giant Yukos The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase yesterday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company's richest energy fields and demanded another \$6 billion in back taxes from a business already facing a crippling \$14 billion bill for outstanding taxes and fines.
3	Despite federal money, no consistency in e-voting BOSTON - Tens of millions of people will cast their votes Nov. 2 in one of the most hotly contested presidential elections in recent U.S. history. But voters across the U.S. will encounter different voting technologies and procedures, with many counties nationwide clinging to punchcard, lever machine and even paper ballots, and the transition to electronic voting moving slowly in many states.
2	Canadian Natural Profit Rises 55 as Output Increases (Update3) Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., Canada #39;s second-largest natural-gas producer, said third-quarter profit jumped 55 percent as prices soared and acquisitions boosted output.
1	Paterno tries to light fire under Nittany Lions The head coach is revved up and ready to go. Is his Penn State team? By FRANK BODANI. If nothing else, at least 77-year-old Joe Paterno is still breathing fire to try and work his team out of it #39;s three-game slide.
3	Malaysian PM expresses sadness over hostage tragedy in Russia Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi Saturday expressed sadness over hostage-taking tragedy in Russia that killed hundreds of innocent people.
0	RNC Creates Web Sites to Criticize Kerry (AP) AP - Republicans have one message for followers of many faiths: Sen. John Kerry is wrong.
1	Gunners cry foul London - Arsenal #39;s fury at Manchester United #39;s 2-0 win in the English Premiership on Sunday spilled over into the papers on Monday with the Gunners #39; manager Arsene Wenger #39;s claiming they had been cheated.
1	Fashion statement: US takes charge in Cup qualifier FOXBOROUGH -- Maybe the US Soccer folks have been going about this all wrong. Maybe they should cut a deal with The Shopping Channel people for bulk jewelry and spread it around to their playmates from Mexico, Costa Rica, and Honduras. What easier, cheaper way to get to the World Cup?
0	Blair Shrugs Off Resignation Questions BRIGHTON, England - Dogged by opposition to the Iraq war, Prime Minister Tony Blair tried to focus attention on domestic issues as the governing Labour Party's annual convention opened Sunday and insisted he hadn't considered resigning earlier this year.   "I'm not the wobbling sort," Blair, a staunch U.S...
2	IBM mulls sale of PC business IBM, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch to find a buyer for its personal-computer unit.
2	Ex-cabinet minister caught up in Marsh corruption scandal Lord Lang of Monkton, the president of the Board of Trade in the last Conservative government, is under pressure to resign from the board of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of corruption.
1	NBA Game Summary - Minnesota At Detroit Auburn Hills, MI -- Chauncey Billups scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half to help the Detroit Pistons rally for a 93-85 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves in coach Larry Brown #39;s first game back from hip surgery.
1	Old Firm pair hit with suspensions Celtic #39;s Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have been suspended for offences missed by the referee in last month #39;s explosive Old Firm match.
1	After a Sloppy Start, the Irish Upset Michigan Freshman Darius Walker ran for 115 yards and scored two touchdowns, helping revive an Irish offense that had managed just one touchdown in the season's first six quarters.
1	Agassi, Federer, Move Into Quarterfinals at US Open (Update1) Two-time champion Andre Agassi beat Armenia #39;s Sargis Sargsian to advance at the US Open and set up a quarterfinal meeting with men #39;s top seed Roger Federer, who reached the round after his opponent withdrew with an injury.
0	US Airways Files for Bankruptcy Protection ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways Group Inc., the nation's seventh largest airline, filed for bankruptcy protection Sunday for the second time in two years...
1	Report: Owners reject players #39; offer, will make counterproposal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (Ticker) - The prospects of an NHL season look to be growing bleaker with each passing day. The Sports Network of Canada reported on its Web site Monday that the NHL will reject the latest proposal 
1	Shanahan tries hand at being a Mr. Fix-It Kudos to Red Wings winger Brendan Shanahan for reaching into his own pocket last week to bring in a bunch of his pals for a hockey summit in Toronto. Finally, a member of the rank and file emerges as the conscience of the game, and at a time when the NHL product desperately needs propping up in the  quot;E quot; (for ...
3	Sony #39;s PSP Console Sells Out in Tokyo After Debut (Update1) Sony Corp. #39;s new PSP portable game console sold out at Tokyo electronic retailers such as Yodobashi Camera Co. and Bic Camera Co.
2	Shares Drop as Colgate and Unilever Cut Profit Forecasts Stocks dropped yesterday as Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever cut profit forecasts, fueling concern that earnings growth is slowing at a time when borrowing costs are headed higher.
1	Bradley back in lineup following confrontation Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, a day following a clubhouse confrontation between the outfielder and a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
1	Patriots Sign Top Pick Watson (Reuters) Reuters - The New England Patriots\Monday announced the signing of first-round draft pick Benjamin\Watson. As per team policy, terms of the tight end's deal were\not released.
0	Gel may 'replace pills and jabs' It may soon be possible to take medication in a gel form rather than having to swallow a tablet.
0	Group says holding 10 new hostages in Iraq An Iraqi militant group says it has kidnapped 10 hostages, including two Indonesian women, who work for an electronics firm, Al Jazeera television says.
0	ElBaradei, Environmentalist Favored for Nobel  OSLO (Reuters) - Among those tipped to win the 2004 Nobel  Peace Prize on Friday are the U.N. nuclear watchdog and its  leader Mohamed ElBaradei, a Kenyan environmentalist and a  Russian anti-nuclear activist.
1	Henry happy as Gunners, Blues draw LONDON (AFP) - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry was happy enough with a 2-2 draw against Chelsea here at Highbury yesterday despite twice putting the champions ahead only to see the Premiership leaders draw level each time.
0	Saudi women take to the skies A Saudi woman has been offered a contract as the country's first female aircraft pilot.
0	Pros and cons of Turkey joining the EU ANKARA: The European Commission is widely expected to give Turkey the green light to start EU entry talks in a progress report due to be published on Wednesday.
0	Train derailment in Philippines kills 6 A passenger train derailed and plunged into a ravine in the northern Philippines early Friday, killing at least six people and injuring 50 others, police said.
0	Bush Blames 'Junk Lawsuits' for Job Woes President Bush and rival John Kerry on Tuesday offered different ways to boost the sluggish job market, the president calling for legal reforms to help workers and businesses while his Democratic opponent proposed ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas.    Kerry, moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging, used the latest forecast of a record budget deficit to bolster his contention that Bush is leading the country in the wrong direction...
2	Oil Futures Rise on Signs of Cold Winter Crude oil futures moved upward Wednesday, as the northeastern United States _ a heavy consumer of heating oil _ felt the first signs of what could likely be a colder-than-expected winter.
1	Ravens Win, Watch The Ravens hold on to a 30-23 victory over the Miami Dolphins after building a 20-point lead and now need losses by Denver and Jacksonville to make the postseason.
1	WADA could look into recreational use of drugs The World Anti-Doping Agency could wind up looking into out-of-competition cases of athletes caught taking cocaine and other recreational drugs, its president said Monday.
2	US Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online  file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright  infringement.
3	Xbox execs on Sony PSP Over on Microsoft #39;s Xbox campus today, the  quot;Halo 2 quot; fans chosen to take part in a Backstage Pass event were given some time to speak with the Xbox bigwigs -- Robbie Bach, senior vice president of Microsoft #39;s Home  amp; Entertainment division, J Allard and 
2	Tax abyss deepens for Yukos MOSCOW Yukos, Russias largest oil producer, had another bad news day Friday as its huge tax bill ballooned again. The Tax Ministry raised its claim against Yukos by \$700 million for 2001, bringing the total 
0	A Misplaced Bet On Khin Nyunt The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) has gone out of its way to protect Burma in regional and international arenas, believing - wrongly, of course - that peer pressure might in some way help transform this dictatorial pariah-state into an 
1	Trio of talented backs lift Vikings Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett watched the season #39;s first five games from the sideline with a knee injury. Anxiety over recovering from injury eventually led to concern 
1	Russians clinch second seed behind Canada Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Alexei Kovalev and Sergei Samsonov scored 3:46 apart in the second period to give Russia the lead for good on the way to a 5-2 win over Slovakia in the World Cup #39;s preliminary round finale at the Air Canada Centre.
3	 #39;Weightless Wonder #39; Makes Final Flight HOUSTON Oct 29, 2004 - The NASA turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.
3	Europe sues users over file sharing The international record industry announced Thursday that it is planning to file lawsuits against individuals who are sharing files, especially music, over the Internet.
0	Cricket: Australia close on victory Australia end day four of the first Test needing four wickets to beat India.
2	ATA Files for Bankruptcy  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - ATA Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATAH.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ATAH.O&lt;/A&gt;, parent  of struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed  for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and  soaring fuel prices drained it of cash.
3	Going for green Federal agencies have new hints to guide them to green ovals in the e-government column on their quarterly Office of Management and Budget scorecards.
3	Amazon.com Experiences Sporadic Outage Some customers had trouble reaching Amazon.com's Web site on Monday in what analysts described as probable technical difficulties for the world's largest online retailer during the crucial holiday selling season.
2	Bank of England Leaves Rate Unchanged It was the third month in a row that the bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee has frozen the rate. The decision was widely expected following indications that Britain #39;s economy has slowed.
1	Give back the gold If something looks too good to be true, it probably is. That seems to be the case with US gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s miraculous gold-medal win at the Athens Olympics.
3	Java integration spec pushed Sun Microsystems and several other vendors on Wednesday will release an early draft of a specification intended to ease integration of Java-based systems, but IBM and BEA Systems have dropped out of participation in the effort.
3	AGs, artists urge top court to hear P2P case com November 8, 2004, 5:08 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
2	Decisive Bush re-election victory lifts Wall Street NEW YORK : President George W. Bush #39;s re-election sparked a broad stock rally, as Wall Street welcomed the decisive victory for the candidate seen as the most business-friendly.
1	CRICKET: Tendulkar likely to play third Test Sachin Tendulkar, whose absence from the last few tournaments has been sorely felt by the Indian team, is likely to be fit for the third cricket Test against Australia beginning in Nagpur on October 26.
3	So much fun, it #39;s criminal Comedian Bruce Daniels once opened a show with a rant against the video game Grand Theft Auto:  quot;There #39;s this game that encourages you to pick up hookers, engage in sex, beat them then rob them 
2	Murdoch to meet News Corp rivals NEWS Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch said today he plans to meet media investor John Malone in the coming months, and played down reports of hostility between the two tycoons.
1	Small earthquake tremor felt in Greek capital The Athens Geodynamic Institute said the tremor had a preliminary magnitude of 4.5 and occurred at 3:38 pm, about 70 kilometres northeast of Athens on the island of Evia.
1	News Briefs Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational at Akron, Ohio, with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole Saturday for a 2-under 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
2	US blue chips flat as Wal-Mart forecast weighs US blue chips hovered near the unchanged mark on Monday as a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the world #39;s biggest retailer, offset the effect of easing oil prices.
2	Petro price hike decision in 48 hrs The government will decide on increasing petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene prices within the next 24-48 hours. This was announced by Finance Minister P Chidambaram after a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.
2	British Airways Raises A\$1.1 Bln From Qantas Sale (Update2) British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- largest airline, raised about A\$1.1 billion (\$770 million) from the sale of shares in Qantas Airways Ltd.
1	Slugging it out The smile on Manny Ramirez's face said it all. On the morning the Red Sox made their memorable Duck Boat romp through Boston -- perhaps the city's most famous excursion since Paul Revere's midnight ride -- Ramirez hardly could contain his joy after being named World Series MVP.
0	Saudi  #39;terrorists #39; kill Frenchman It was the second such killing this month by suspected al-Qaeda militants, who are trying to drive Westerners out and destabilise the global oil superpower.
0	Strong quake hits western Japan An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 shakes western Japan, reportedly making tall buildings sway in Tokyo.
0	Bush Ordering Better Ocean Oversight (AP) AP - President Bush is creating a White House committee to oversee the nation's ocean policies, with plans to improve research, manage fisheries better and regulate pollution caused by boats.
3	Genetically Modified Fish Used to Make Human Protein (Reuters) Reuters - Genetically modified fish may one day be\used to produce human proteins to treat illnesses such as lung\disease, liver problems and even some cancers.
2	INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s ABC Learning On Expansion Path BRISBANE (Dow Jones)--Australian childcare provider ABC Learning Centres Ltd. (ABS.AU) said Thursday it has agreed to buy two rivals in aA\$313 million cash and stock 
0	PLO chief calls again for end to armed intifada Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas reiterated calls for his people to drop their weapons in the struggle for a state. a clear change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
0	Al-Baradai in S Korea The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said he is aware nuclear experiments South Korea has conducted were small, but noted his agency needs to make sure they will not be repeated.
0	Bicycle Bomber Attacks Nepal Hotel  KATHMANDU, Nepal (Reuters) - A man on a bicycle threw at  least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's  capital Monday but the blasts caused no casualties, authorities  said.
2	Novell files another Microsoft suit NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Just days after settling one anti-trust lawsuit with Microsoft, Novell filed another one. According to a Novell (down \$0.
0	Attacks kill 22 policemen in Iraq At least 22 officers have been killed in attacks on police targets in the western Iraqi province of al-Anbar.
0	Family: Kidnapped Iraqi Businessman Killed (AP) AP - The Italian Foreign Ministry has notified the family of a kidnapped Iraqi businessman who was a longtime resident of Italy that the man has been killed in Iraq, the businessman's brother said Monday.
1	This season more jolly with playoff Set aside, for a moment, the Twelve Days of Christmas. And consider what the coming holiday season would be like with the Twelve Teams of Playoffs.
3	AskJeeves #39;s Butler Trying To Do It Better The search engine (www.ask.com) made its fame toward the end of the last millennium by encouraging Web surfers to enter  quot;natural language quot; questions, rather than search terms -- instead of 
3	Judge moves to unseal documents in Oracle case Says certain documents, which Oracle and others want to keep from eyes of rivals, may be necessary to decide case.
2	Crisis warning from Bank as lenders add to risky investments UK banks have built up a number of risky investment positions that could trigger a financial crisis if a shock caused a sudden rush to sell up, the Bank of England warned yesterday.
1	Sorenstam takes California title Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam overhauled a three-shot deficit in the last five holes to win a record fourth Samsung World Championship in California.
0	Powell Remarks Stir Up China Secretary of State Colin L. Powell was in China less than 24 hours this week, but that was enough to stir up a diplomatic tempest with some unorthodox and apparently unintended remarks about U.S. policy on Taiwan.
3	SPACE PROGRAM NASA #39;s Shuttle Hanger Badly Damaged by Storm The gigantic hangar where the space shuttle is prepared for its missions sustained much more damage from Hurricane Frances than initially believed, NASA officials said Tuesday.
3	Microsoft files suits against smut spammers Microsoftis again using the courts to pursue individuals allegedly responsible for spam e-mail campaigns, this time going after those who send out unsolicited and sexually explicit e-mail.
2	Foreign funds boost South Africa THE multimillion-dollar investment by Norilsk Nickel, the Russian mining giant, in Gold Fields could be set to give the group a 10 per cent stake in the worlds biggest gold mining company.
0	Sharon gives Blair #39;s Middle East summit an unexpected boost Israel is prepared to back a Middle East conference convened by Tony Blair early next year despite having expressed fears that the British plans were over-ambitious and designed 
1	Blue Jays Thump Resting Yankees 7-0 (AP) AP - David Bush pitched a two-hitter for the first complete game of his major league career, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Orlando Hernandez and the New York Yankees 7-0 Friday night.
3	Halo 2 Released Early But... Those looking the obtain the most anticipated movie, album or game before anyone else have sought such information on various Internet mediums.
0	Milosevic trial suspended The trial of Slobodan Milosevic has been suspended in Hague to allow the defense lawyers assigned to the former Yugoslav president more time to prepare their case.
3	Microsoft releases Virtual PC 7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - First introduced on Jan. 6, 2004, Microsoft Corp.'s Macintosh  Business Unit on Tuesday will announce the release of Virtual PC 7 for  the Mac. Among the many new features, company executives boast about a  10 percent to 30 percent increase in performance and support for  Apple's Power Mac G5.
0	GOP Rep. Cubin Wins Wyoming Primary (AP) AP - U.S. Rep. Barbara Cubin fended off four Republican challengers in Tuesday's primary election, securing a shot at a sixth term in this fall's general election.
0	Campaigns Aim to Lower Debate Expectations CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy...
0	Pakistan still supporting Kashmiri rebels: Indian Home Ministry (AFP) AFP - Pakistan continues to support Islamic insurgency in Kashmir and will use militant attacks to influence ongoing peace talks with rival India, India's Home Ministry said in its annual report.
1	Jaguar Formula One team taken over by Red Bull beverage company Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by beverage company Red Bull on Monday. Jaguar #39;s parent company, Ford, said Sept.
2	European Shares at New 29-Month Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets hit fresh  29-month highs on Tuesday, tracking gains in New York and after  HBOS said it will beat forecasts as well as buy back shares.
0	Indonesian police to question officer who treated Bali bomber to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: An Indonesian police officer who treated a convicted Bali bomber to coffee in a Jakarta Starbucks is to be questioned over the incident, national police chief General Da #39;i Bachtiar said.
1	Salt Lake Taps Ellinger Laurel native and Freddy Adu mentor John Ellinger  becomes the first coach of the MLS expansion team in Salt Lake City.
1	Sorry Charles, Shawn Green is a role model Charles Barkley will always be remembered for his infamous television commercial, in which he defiantly proclaimed:  quot;I am not a role model.
0	A Rush to the Polls in Afghanistan The mere fact of tomorrow #39;s presidential elections in Afghanistan is cause for (subdued) celebration. Afghans are headed to the polls in the country #39;s first-ever  quot;democratic quot; election, and early indications 
0	North reported to be preparing missile launch South Korea and US intelligence sources have detected unusual activity in North Korea believed linked to possible preparation for a missile test, the Ministry of National Defense said yesterday.
3	Astronauts Prepare For Final Space Walk Space station astronauts Gennady Padalka and American Mike Fincke are scheduled to make the final spacewalks of their mission today.
2	Some Doubt Stocks' Value as Prices Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock prices are near the highest  level ever, but instead of triggering giddy euphoria, the rise  is inspiring doubt and concern that stock values might be too  high.
1	Bonds Still Shy of 700 Barry Bonds goes 0-for-2 and draws two walks, one of them intentional, in San Francisco's 3-2 victory over Milwaukee, keeping the Giants in the wild-card lead.
2	Intel to invest \$40 million in India Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
1	Tamada lays Malay marker Makoto Tamada beat Sete Gibernau and and Valentino Rossi to provisional pole for Sunday #39;s Malaysian Grand Prix. The Japanese star, who won the Rio GP in July and the Japan GP last month, clocked two minutes 2.394 seconds on his Honda at Sepang on Friday.
2	Record sale for Keeneland Three days before its Sept. 27 end date, the 2004 Keeneland September yearling sale became the top-grossing Thoroughbred auction in history when Friday #39;s 11th session pushed total income to \$318,245,700 for 2,819 yearlings.
0	Hope of medical progress carries vote A committee of renowned scientists said the result was a vote of confidence in medical research and a positive sign for Switzerland as a centre for science and research.
1	Ramirez MVP of Red Sox Team Full of Valuable Players (Reuters) Reuters - Manny Ramirez completed a perfect day\Wednesday by being named the Most Valuable Player of the 2004\World Series.
0	Iraq Awards First Post-War Oilfield Contracts  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's oil ministry has awarded the  country's first post-war oilfield development contracts to  Turkish and Canadian firms, an oil official said on Thursday.
1	Funk loses sole lead after bogey ZACH JOHNSON, a rookie on the PGA Tour, and Fred Funk share the lead after the second round. Johnson is tied with Funk atop the leaderboard when Funk bogeyed the par-4 18th hole.
2	The whole lie and nothing but the lie One of these days, a government expert will be punished for lying on a witness stand. Raising his right hand. Swearing to tell the truth.
0	Israel Parliament to Start Winter Session JERUSALEM - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has alienated his right-wing Likud party with plans to withdraw from Gaza, begins a new legislative session fighting for his government's survival.    Lawmakers were scheduled to vote on two motions of no confidence Monday, the first day of Israel's winter parliamentary session...
3	Brazil Tribe Has Great Excuse for Poor Math Skills WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some people have a great excuse for being bad at math -- their language lacks the words for most numbers, US-based researchers reported on Thursday. 
2	FCC: States can #39;t regulate Net phones Washington - Phone calls made over the Internet cannot be regulated by states, the Federal Communications Commission said Wednesday.
3	Adobe Does Document Security Electronic document giant Adobe Systems says it will partner with digital certificate company GeoTrust to provide technology to allow documents that use Adobe #39;s popular Portable Document Format to be digitally certified.
3	SGI to upgrade high-end Linux servers next week Silicon Graphics plans to announce a new Linux computer Nov. 1, a machine that uses Intel's newest Itanium 2.
2	Blue Chips Slip on Oil Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips edged down on Tuesday  as oil jumped to another record and government data on the  services sector showed that growth was slower than expected  last month.
1	Pistons 87-79 over Rockets The NBA tips off its new season as the defending champions, the Detriot Pistons, overpowered the Houston Rockets 87-79. Rasheed Wallace led the offensive, scoring 24 points while 
0	AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP) AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.
3	Intel delays HDTV market debut Intel has delayed its planned entry into the widescreen high-definition television (HDTV) market until next year. 
3	First Optical Discs with Play Side Messaging MediaCoat unlocks the potential for placing targeted advertising messages that are certain to be noticed on the play side of motion picture, music, gaming and software discs.
0	Three tested for bird flu discharged from Malaysian hospital KUALA LUMPUR : Three Malaysians who fell ill in a village hit by the deadly H5N1 bird flu strain have been discharged from a hospital after tests showed no sign of the virus, a senior official said.
0	RBC Royal Bank to refund  #36;9.2 million over banking fee billing errors (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Royal Bank is refunding about  #36;9.2 million to 152,000 customers who were charged a separate fee for a service that should have been included in their banking package fee. The refunds average about  #36;60 each.
1	Sharapova Humbled by Resurgent Pierce  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Maria Sharapova bandwagon came to  a grinding halt on Saturday when Mary Pierce rolled back the  years with a sensational 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 win in the third round  of the U.S. Open.
2	PeopleSoft trial draws media crowd Software giant Oracle Corp. began its legal battle with rival PeopleSoft Inc. in Delaware Chancery Court Monday, the first of two cases expected to bring the national business media to the state #39;s famed court of equity this month.
2	3Com Posts Wider-Than-Expected Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on     Thursday posted  a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, amid stiff  competition from Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; and others in the  telecommunications networking market.
1	Pearce sent off early as Palace claim first win CRYSTAL Palace moved off the foot of the Premiership table last night with their first victory of the season, Andy Johnson and Aki Riihilahti scoring second-half goals to defeat Fulham 2-0 at Selhurst Park.
3	NTT DoCoMo Achieves 1 Gbps Packet Transmission NTT DoCoMo used its proprietary signal separation technique to enable data transmission at 1 Gbps in rea ltime using a bandwidth of 100 MHz in an area with low radio signal receptivity.
0	L.A. Airport Reopens After Security Scare LOS ANGELES - Four terminals at Los Angeles International Airport were shut down for about three hours Saturday after a passenger bypassed security at one terminal and a flashlight battery exploded during screening at another, authorities said.    The two incidents a half-hour apart on the busy Labor Day weekend appeared to be unrelated, said FBI spokeswoman Cathy Viray...
1	Weather holds key to England #39;s chances England will return to the Rose Bowl this morning hoping to find Hampshire #39;s delightful new ground bathed in sunshine, or in the middle of a deluge.
3	Sage grouse outlook found less than dire A decision announced Friday to not list the greater sage grouse as an endangered or threatened species still leaves open the possibility the approximately 1,000 birds remaining in Washington could be listed.
1	Late strike spoils Christmas party for Liverpool AN EQUALISER in injury time by Portsmouth #39;s Lomana LuaLua against Liverpool at Anfield yesterday will hamper the home side #39;s attempts to make ground on the leading English Premier League soccer rivals during the Christmas program.
0	NATO, Belgium Sign Deal to Build New HQ (AP) AP - NATO and the Belgian government signed an agreement Wednesday to build new alliance headquarters adjacent to the current site, confirming Brussels as the home of the military bloc and underscoring improved relations between the host and the United States.
2	Wrigley buys Kraft unit for \$1.48 bn Wrigley, the world #39;s largest maker of chewing gum, on Monday took a step towards diversifying into other confectionery products with the acquisition for \$1.48bn in cash of Kraft Foods #39; sugar confectionery business.
0	After U.S., EU Agrees to Lift Sanctions on Libya  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Libya took another big stride out of  diplomatic isolation on Wednesday when the European Union  agreed to lift all sanctions on the North African country.
0	Sri Lankan rebels 'shoot rival' The brother of the man who led a split in Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebel group is shot and killed, reports say.
0	Australia's Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's conservative Prime Minister  John Howard, a key U.S. ally and supporter of the Iraq war,  celebrated his election win Sunday after voters enjoying the  fruits of a strong economy gave him a fourth term.
3	News: Gait advances in emerging biometrics Retinal scans, finger printing or facial recognition get most of the publicity but researchers across the world are quietly labouring away at alternative types of biometrics.
2	eBay buys Rent.com for \$415 million eBay announced late Thursday that it had acquired the apartment rental service Rent.com for \$415 million, the latest move in its expansion beyond Internet auctions.
2	California joins insurance industry crackdown California #39;s insurance regulator has unveiled new rules to prevent brokers from taking secret commissions to steer customers to certain policies.
2	First tomatoes, now grapefruit It #39;s been a lousy fall for grocery shoppers. First the cost of tomatoes set new records, and now those lucky enough to find grapefruits can expect to pay more than \$1 a piece.
1	Beckham Breaks Rib As England Tops Wales (AP) AP - David Beckham scored a spectacular goal on a curling, 25-yard shot to lead England past Wales 2-0 in a World Cup qualifier Saturday, but he wound up with a suspension and broken rib.
3	Mozilla Foundation Ships Firefox 1.0 Preview Release, Thunderbird &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation released its first preview release of Firefox 1.0, the organization #39;s standalone Web browser based on the Mozilla source code.
2	Cendant nears coup for US online travel group Cendant, the American travel group that owns car rental shops Avis and Budget, is close to acquiring online travel agency Orbitz.com in a deal said to be worth more than \$1 billion.
0	U.S. Deserter Leaves Army Base for New Life in Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A former U.S. army sergeant who deserted  to North Korea nearly four decades ago left a U.S. military  base near Tokyo on Tuesday for a new life with his family in  his Japanese wife's home town.
3	Catching Meth Cooks Pink-Handed Midwestern farmers welcome a new fertilizer additive that leaves a telltale fluorescent pink stain on the hands of anyone who touches it. Theft of anhydrous ammonia fertilizer, used to make methamphetamine, has become a major problem for farmers.
2	NY Times Cuts  #39;04 Profit Targets New York Times Co. (NYT) on Monday forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street #39;s average estimates, citing lower-than-expected revenue so far in September.
3	 quot;Blog quot; heads top 10 words of year Editors of Merriam-Webster announced the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was a four-letter word -- BLOG.
3	Geneticists rewire muscles to create a  #39;marathon mouse #39; California geneticists have created a  quot;marathon mouse quot; that can run twice as far nongenetically altered mice, and eat ravenously without growing fat.
2	Stewart Seeks Reimbursement From Own Co. Imprisoned homemaking mogul Martha Stewart has asked the company she founded, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., to reimburse her for \$3.
1	Sports: Rangers 5 Athletics 4 ARLINGTON, Texas Texas has roared back into the American League West division race by completing a three-game sweep of Oakland. The Rangers rallied for three runs in the bottom of the ninth to beat the A #39;s 
0	Sharon determined to go ahead with pullout Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened the debate on his disengagement plan in the Knesset (parliament) on Monday by telling lawmakers that his plan would  quot;strengthen 
1	Transactions BASEBALL Major League Baseball: Suspended Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for his comments to the media regarding umpire Hunter Wendelstedt. Major League Owners: Voted to extend the contract of Bud Selig, commissioner, for three years through 2009. Chicago (NL): Signed INF Neifi Perez to a minor league contract and assigned ...
2	Linx Printing backs Danaher takeover Linx Printing Technologies says it is backing a 86 million pound takeover offer by US firm Danaher after a rival, lower, bidder withdrew.
2	China calls on World Bank to help small cotton producers hit by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GENEVA : China called on the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to help small textile and clothing exporting countries that are threatened by the end of import quotas at the end of the year.
3	New signs of water on the Red Planet A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second 
0	UK to scale back troops: report Britain is to scale back its 8,000-strong military presence in southern Iraq in October, despite fears of worsening security in the run-up to elections, the Observer newspaper reports.
2	OPEC Urges U.S. to Use Emergency Oil Reserves &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Muklis Ali&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC took the unprecedented step of\urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to\bring down world oil prices.&lt;/p&gt;
2	Jobs report dominates pre-debate spin WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The final monthly jobs report before the Nov. 2 presidential election will be released Friday at 8:30 am Eastern.
1	Bertuzzi Pleads Not Guilty to Assault (AP) AP - Todd Bertuzzi of the Vancouver Canucks pleaded not guilty Thursday to an assault charge stemming from a hit on Steve Moore during a game that left the Colorado Avalanche forward with a broken neck.
2	UPDATE 1-Cenbank credibility helps policy-Fed #39;s Bernanke A plausible public commitment to pursue low inflation coupled with central bank autonomy make monetary policy more effective, Federal Reserve Governor Ben Bernanke said on Friday.
3	Firefox version 1.0 released The alternative browser, developed (and continually re-developed) by a network of programmers, is available for free download from the non-profit Mozilla Foundation website.
2	US textile importers, retailers say no to quota An association of US textile importers and retailers says it has filed a lawsuit to stop the US Commerce Department from considering import quotas on Chinese products sought by textile manufacturers.
2	Oil Slips as Norway Moves to End Strike  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices briefly scaled a new  high above \$55 a barrel on Monday before falling back as the  Norwegian government moved to end a strike that had threatened  the country's energy output.
0	Hurricane Ivan hits Caribbean Washington, Sept. 14. (Guardian News Service): One of the most powerful hurricanes of recent times rolled over the Cayman Islands on Sunday and is due to hit Cuba next after causing more than 50 deaths across the Caribbean.
0	Spain Arrests 8th Person in Suspected Bomb Plot Spanish police Tuesday arrested an eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
3	NASA Space Station On-Orbit Status 23 October 2004 All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Day 8 of joint Exp.9/Exp.10 operations. Tonight, Expedition 9 returns to Earth, accompanied by the VC7 guest cosmonaut.
3	Apple Unveils Fastest, Most Affordable iBook G4 Ever CUPERTINO, CaliforniaOctober 19, 2004Apple today unveiled the fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever for consumers and education customers, featuring built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.
0	Car bomb kills 47 in Baghdad at least 47 people in the deadliest single attack in the Iraqi capital in six months. responsibility for Tuesday #39;s blast, which it said was carried out by a suicide attacker.
2	Aon searching for new CEO, as Ryan steps down Patrick Ryan, a titan of the insurance industry and fixture of Chicago-area business and civic institutions, revealed plans to step down as chief executive of Aon Corp.
0	Minister defends march decision The rural affairs minister defends his decision to drop out of a right to roam march amid the threat of protests.
1	MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL: 22-0w  #39;There #39;s a certain element of embarrassment, no question, #39; manager Joe Torre says as his Yankees suffer their worst loss ever.
0	"Of Course It Was Poisoning" Viktor Yushchenko talks to TIME's Yuri Zarakhovich about the attack on his life, who he believes did it, what he'll do if elected President of Ukraine, and what he thinks of Vladimir Putin's Russia
2	San Francisco Workers Strike Unionized workers at four large San Francisco hotels went on strike yesterday morning over issues similar to those causing an impasse between hotels and their workers at several large hotels in Washington.
2	Internet ad firm Doubleclick mulls sale NEW YORK - Internet marketer DoubleClick Inc., which is suffering from pricing pressures from online advertisers, said it had hired Lazard Freres  amp; Co.
0	Soldier Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice...
2	S.Korean industrial output growth slides to nine-month low South Korea #39;s industrial output growth plunged to a nine-month low with 5.7 percent growth rate in October due to cooling exports and protracted weak consumer spending, the National Statistics Office (NSO) said Monday.
3	Phone Firms Rush to Get TV on Mobile Phones  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Europeans came a step closer to  having television on their mobile phones on Friday when two  groups of companies announced plans to push forward with  consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
1	Cowboys RB Jones out with broken shoulder IRVING, Texas - The first NFL game for Dallas Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones will also be his last for quite a while. Jones broke his left shoulder blade during a 19-12 victory over Cleveland on Sunday.
1	Raptors' Carter Placed on Injured List  TORONTO (Sports Network) - Toronto Raptors All-Star  swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday  after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'  tendon.
1	Vikings Likely Lose Rosenthal for Year Minnesota Vikings right tackle Mike Rosenthal is likely out for the season with an injury to his right foot.
2	Fannie, Freddie And Free Markets WASHINGTON, DC - Investors in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are feeling some pain in the wake of Fannie #39;s recent accounting problems.
0	Powell Bids Nostalgic Farewell to NATO Secretary of State Colin Powell bid a nostalgic farewell on Thursday to the NATO Western security alliance he first served as platoon commander facing down the Soviet army 46 years ago.
2	20 7E7s ordered A startup company becomes the first domestic airline to place an order for the Boeing jet. By Bryan Corliss. An airline that started service six months ago with just one jet plans to buy 20 7E7s from the Boeing Co.
2	Auto Stocks Surge After Weak Sales General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday led a late-day rally in auto stocks, one day after the world #39;s largest automaker posted dismal US sales results for August and cut vehicle production.
3	Symbol  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; runs Windows Mobile Symbol Technologies has expanded its line of rugged handheld computers with the addition of a PDA form-factor device called an  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; (EDA).
1	At Last, Success on the Road for Lions (AP) AP - The Detroit Lions went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road futility. They ended that ignominious streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field.
3	NEC, Toshiba add HD-DVD to PCs in 2005 NEC plans to start selling desktop PCs equipped with HD-DVD drives at the end of 2005, the company announced. Slimmed-down versions of the drives will be added to laptops in 2006.
3	Richard Branson Plans Space Tourism Company Summary - (Sep 27, 2004) Entrepreneur Richard Branson announced today that his company, Virgin Galactic, will be taking Scaled Composite #39;s SpaceShipOne to the next logical step, and offer flights to the public.
3	Firefox beats million-download deadline With days to spare, the Mozilla Foundation beat its 10-day goal of 1 million Firefox downloads. Released six days ago, the first preview release of the Firefox 1.0 Web browser passed the million download mark 
2	ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Pact (Reuters) Reuters - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and
1	Prediction: Miami-Florida 38, North Carolina 15 GAME NOTES: The fourth-ranked Miami Hurricanes head to the Tar Heel State for the second straight week, as they invade Chapel Hill on Saturday, where they will meet up with the North Carolina Tar Heels in ACC action from Kenan Stadium.
2	Hellicar dismisses foundation liquidation as  #39;stunt #39; The chairwoman of James Hardie has dismissed today #39;s announcement of the provisional liquidation of an asbestos compensation foundation as a stunt.
2	BA staff to get cut-price flights British Airways has said it plans to give 17,500 staff two extra discounted flights as a reward for coping with stress and disruption in the last week.
2	UK annual house price growth down The monthly figures may provide some relief however, that the UK housing market is not showing signs of a sustained downward trend after last month #39;s figures showed a drop in prices of 0.1pc from August.
0	Rugby: Australia beat England England fall to the first defeat under new coach Andy Robinson after Australia run out narrow winners at Twickenham.
0	Russia Wins Permanent Military Base in Tajikistan  DUSHANBE (Reuters) - Tajikistan on Saturday formally  granted Russian forces in the Central Asian state a permanent  military base in a move Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed  as a guarantee of regional security.
2	Wal-Mart Unit Passes Rival in Britain Asda, a unit of Wal-Mart, has overtaken Marks   Spencer as Britains biggest clothing retailer, industry figures showed.
1	Sports: Red Sox 8 Yankees 3 after 7 NEW YORK After being stymied by Boston starter Derek Lowe for six innings, the New York Yankees struck for two runs against Pedro Martinez in a rare relief appearance.
1	Clijsters to Return in Gaz De France (AP) AP - Virginia Ruano Pascual of Spain rallied past ninth-seeded Jelena Kostanic of Croatia 3-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4 Monday at the Gaz de France Stars, where Kim Clijsters will make her comeback this week from a five-month injury layoff.
3	Review:  #39;San Andreas #39; Among Best Games  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there #39;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids.
2	MG Rover to pass into Chinese hands The Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) will pump an estimated 1 billion-plus into the company in exchange for a majority share, if the Chinese Government gives the go-ahead in the New Year.
1	Prep Star Stopped Short Joe Gross, a three-time All-Met, has suffered through a troubling year that has derailed a promising golf career.
3	Oracle Extends Bid for PeopleSoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - While a U.S. District Court continues to weigh the legality of \Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) attempted takeover of \PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT), Oracle has taken the necessary steps to ensure the offer does not die on the vine with PeopleSoft's shareholders.
0	Iraqis Face Winter Shivering by Candlelight  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - As if the daily struggle to dodge  bullets and bombings is not enough, many Iraqis now face a  freezing winter shivering by candlelight as persistent attacks  keep the power out for more than 12 hours a day.
2	Damning report on EU economic ambitions under fire BRUSSELS - European Union leaders got a wake up call this week as a high-level report warned the bloc must run just to stand still in global competitiveness rankings.
1	Volz in the clear over injury to fan Fulham full-back Moritz Volz will not face police action after he collided with a pensioner during the Premiership match with Portsmouth at Fratton Park.
1	Recchi, mates shocked at NHL dismissal of union #39;s offer Like his colleagues, Penguins winger Mark Recchi figured the NHL Players #39; Association made a fairly dramatic proposal last Thursday.
3	IBM, Sun join with Microsoft on Web services event specification IBM, Sun Microsystems, and Computer Associates have jumped aboard in support of the WS-Eventing specification for subscribing to Web services-based events, joining original developers Microsoft, BEA Systems, and Tibco Software.
3	Contractors and the Law Details of the role civilian contractors played in the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq sparked fresh debate yesterday about the effectiveness of laws and rules meant to govern workers hired to support the military. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
3	Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook Web search leader Google Inc. said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
1	Exclusion takes toll on players Duncan Fletcher admitted that the controversy surrounding Englands tour to Zimbabwe had affected their performance in their opening win Sunday.
1	Greek runners are suspended ATHENS -- Star sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were suspended yesterday from the Greek Olympic team for missing drug tests, but their fate was left in the hands of the International Olympic Committee.
2	Airbus withdraws support for Microsoft in EU case European aircraft maker Airbus SAS has withdrawn its petition to intervene in the European Commission #39;s antitrust case against Microsoft Corp.
3	Floppy Disk Becoming Relic of the Past Like the penny, the floppy drive is hardly worth the trouble, computer makers say. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	John Snow concedes  #39;deficits matter #39; US Treasury Secretary John Snow conceded Wednesday that government  quot;deficits matter, quot; but said an improving economy already is beginning to reduce red ink in the federal budget.
3	Siemens' cordless phones gain access to Skype Skype Technologies SA is teaming with Siemens AG to offer cordless phone users the ability to make Internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
3	Hollywood nails Kaleidescape The MPAA #39;s DVD Copy Control Association (DVDCCA), owner of the ineffective DVD  #39;copy-protection #39; technology, is after a firm called Kaleidescape because, claim the studios, Kaleidescape #39;s \$27,000 jukebox illegally makes copies of DVDs.
1	DWIGHT YORKE RACE TAUNTS: TWO IN COURT Two men will appear in court today accused of racial public order offences involving Birmingham striker Dwight Yorke. Yorke complained to police that he was taunted with monkey chants and other racist abuse 
2	Hurricane, Oil Worries Pressure Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks struggled to make gains on  Tuesday as oil prices rose and investors feared economic  fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it roared into the Gulf of  Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.
0	Polish vote of confidence looms WARSAW Struggling with high unemployment and opposition here to the war in Iraq, Poland #39;s minority leftist government, led by Marek Belka, on Thursday was trying to head off defeat in a vote of confidence by making last- minute deals to stay in power 
1	UPDATE 2-Manchester United held 0-0 by Everton Manchester United were denied three times by the woodwork as they were held on Monday to a 0-0 home draw by Everton, the club whose England striker Wayne Rooney they hope to sign before Tuesday #39;s transfer deadline.
2	SEC Probes Payments to Pension Planners The Securities and Exchange Commission is finding troubling indications that mutual-fund companies and other money managers paid retirement-plan consultants to be recommended to the consultants #39; clients, people familiar with the probe told The Wall Street 
3	ARM's new Cortex cores deliver big punch in small chip SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - Chip designer Arm Ltd.'s new Cortex family of processor cores will help designers of mobile and embedded devices build powerful systems that use less memory, the company said Tuesday at its developer conference.
3	CRM vendors branch out Siebel is aiming to take a larger role in enterprises, by branching out from customer relationship management (CRM) and by making its tools easier to use.
2	Hot Hand, Cold Hand Martha Stewart, the queen of homemaking, who was granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, causing stock in her company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
0	Hurricane Jeanne Targets Storm-Weary Florida  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of people on  Florida's east coast were told to leave their homes once again  on Friday as deadly Hurricane Jeanne approached for what could  be a record fourth hurricane hit in a year on the storm-weary  state.
3	Prince of Persia: Warri Ubisoft today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within has been shipped to stores nationwide for the Playstation 2, Xbox, GameCube, and PC.
1	Patriots loss is Notre Dame #39;s gain For some people, it #39;s going to the dentist or even the doctor. For others, it #39;s a bumpy plane ride or even something more down to earth, like that household chore which comes around a little too often.
2	US posts tepid jobs growth in September, potential blow to Bush (AFP) AFP - The United States posted disappointingly weak jobs growth in September, adding firepower to a pre-election Democratic assault on President George W. Bush's record.
1	In a Fan's Eyes, the World Turns Upside Down There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
3	EUROPEAN SPACECRAFT ENTERS LUNAR ORBIT The first European spacecraft to be sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, according to the European Space Agency. The SMART-1 spacecraft has reached its closest point from the moon so far, coming within 5,000 kilometres of the lunar surface.
2	EDS to file for Q3 report extension Technology services firm Electronic Data Systems Corp. plans to seek a five-day extension for its quarterly report from the US Securities and Exchange commission, according to news reports Tuesday.
0	Pakistan issues \$1m al-Qaeda list Pakistan offers rewards totalling more than \$1m for the capture of six top al-Qaeda suspects.
2	ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial\services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of\improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated\incidents of impropriety.
3	Small planets seen by astronomers US astronomers find the smallest worlds detected circling other stars and say it is a breakthrough in the search for life in space.
2	Salvation Army using cardboard bell-ringers to stoke donations There #39;s a reason that smiling Salvation Army bell-ringer looks a little stiff this Christmas season, and it #39;s not the cold weather.
0	Iran Uranium Program Resolution Passed Iran escaped U.N. censure over its nuclear program but Washington, which accuses it of seeking an atomic bomb, said on Monday it reserved the right to take the case to the Security Council on its own.
1	Liverpool, Man United reach League Cup quarter-finals Big guns Liverpool and Manchester United reached the League Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday with 2-0 wins over holders Middlesbrough and an under-strength Crystal Palace 
1	MLB: Montreal Expos to Relocate to Washington Major League Baseball has decided to relocate the Montreal Expos to Washington, DC The widely expected announcement is to be made later Wednesday, by city officials.
1	ANOTHER VOICE Baseball in Washington Washington may or may not get a new president next year, but it is getting a new baseball team. And like almost every major-league team that has ever worn Washington on its jersey, this one is a last-place bunch.
0	Experts Still Examine Yushchenko Illness -- Doctor  VIENNA (Reuters) - Medical experts are still investigating  the cause of Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko's  illness during election campaigning, and poisoning remains one  possibility, his doctor said on Wednesday.
2	Dulles, BWI Consider Security Shift  Officials at Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports said they are considering the replacement of federal airport screeners at security checkpoints with workers employed by private contractors.
2	PalmSource unveils smartphone operating system PalmSource has completed development of Palm Cobalt, the first version of its handheld operating system designed specifically for smartphones.
2	SEC Delays Annual Report Filing Deadline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission said on Wednesday it was postponing by one year a  deadline for large corporations to speed up filing of  annual  and quarterly financial reports with the SEC.
1	Arena in the swim MANCHESTER was celebrating another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships.
2	Stocks Inch Up After Durable Goods Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose modestly on Friday  after data showed durable goods orders for August, excluding  transportation orders, beat analysts' estimates, but oil prices  worried investors.
1	Australia sets tough total for Pakistan Andrew Symonds #39; unbeaten 104 anchored Australia to a challenging total of 269 for six off 50 overs on Saturday in the NatWest one-day cricket international against Pakistan at Lord #39;s.
0	Fire Sweeps Through Caracas High-Rise A fire burned its way up one of Venezuela's tallest buildings on Sunday, injuring at least 25 firefighters and prompting the evacuation of nearby residences and businesses amid fears that the tower might collapse, officials said.
3	Tiger Telematics acquires Integra SP to invest on smartphone Tiger Telematics Inc acquired the UK headquartered company Integra SP and its real-time front end product AltioLive. This technology will be used to establish its new product line, codenamed Bizmondo.
1	Cink eases to four-shot win at NEC Invitational Stewart Cink maintained his composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on Sunday, his second win of the season.
2	Dutch steel firm buying International Steel Group for \$4.5 billion PHILADELPHIA _ International Steel Group Inc., which includes the remains of the bankrupt Bethlehem Steel Corp., is being acquired by a Dutch steel company for \$4.
3	The fish with a 100/kg price on its head set to win protector The humphead wrasse provides some of Hong Kong #39;s most expensive fish dishes, which, in a city with a strong tradition of luxury dining, is saying something.
2	Fed Seen Boosting Rates Despite Worries  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve policy-makers were  expected to raise U.S. interest rates on Tuesday for a third  time this year, continuing to lift borrowing costs from  rock-bottom levels despite some signs of economic softness.
2	Telekom Austria Wins Mobiltel Bid Option for \$2.1 Bln (Update2) Telekom Austria AG, the country #39;s biggest phone operator, won the right to buy Bulgaria #39;s largest mobile phone company, MobilTel EAD, for 1.6 billion euros (\$2.1 billion), an acquisition that would add 3 million subscribers.
3	French Harvests Show Hot Spots Over the Centuries (Reuters) Reuters - Grape harvest records have enabled\French scientists to track variations in summer temperatures in\France since the 14th century.
1	Downpours place a heavy load on scheduling Rain played havoc with the schedule makers at the US Open yesterday. After eight days of ideal weather, rain forced significant revisions in the schedule, scuttling the day 
0	Collins, Raiders Crush Buccanneers 30-20 OAKLAND, Calif. - Kerry Collins, the amiable backup quarterback who has repeatedly promised to be ready when needed, replaced injured starter Rich Gannon and calmly directed the Oakland Raiders to an emotional 30-20 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday night...
0	Chavez Survives Recall, Vows to Deepen Revolution (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's left-wing\President, Hugo Chavez, easily won a referendum on his rule and\on Monday offered to open a dialogue with opponents, while\vowing to intensify the reforms at the heart of the nation's\political conflict.
3	Blair 'shocked' by climate change Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the BBC he believes time is running out on tackling climate change.
0	German investor confidence surges BERLIN - German investor confidence posted a surprise jump in December as relief over falling oil prices helped to offset concerns about the impact of a surging euro on growth in Europe #39;s biggest economy.
3	Via Tunes Open-Source Media Player Xine media player takes advantage of video accelerators in Via chipsets.
1	Button enjoys the best of both worlds as Williams look to 2006 The most significant comment on yesterday #39;s decision by the formula one contracts recognition board about Jenson Button came in the Williams team #39;s official press release.
1	Redskins relish their difficult victory Joe Gibbs #39; much-anticipated second term as Washington Redskins head coach opened yesterday with a hard-fought 16-10 triumph over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
0	Macedonian Prime Minister Resigns Kostov said today he is stepping down because of disagreements with one of the ruling coalition #39;s ethnic Albanian partners, the Albanian Union for Integration.
3	Cassini Finds a Charged Up Saturn Saturn has an unusual magnetic environment, which acts as a planetary electrical transformer. The instrument measuring the charged Saturn on Cassini has already found a plasma between what previously was just thought to be a ring gap...
0	Indonesia leader seen ousted in landslide JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesian voters, frustrated by pervasive corruption and economic malaise, ousted President Megawati Sukarnoputri in a runoff election yesterday, awarding her former chief security minister a landslide victory, according to a projection by a local research institute.
1	Dominguez a late scratch Saturday, Benoit fills in After appealing his 16-game suspension Friday night and pitching one inning in a mopup role against the Angels, Rangers right-hander Frank Francisco began serving his 
3	Magma Surge Moves Nevada Mountain, Study Says Why did a Lake Tahoe-area peak move dramatically late last year? A new report says magma deep below surged upward, forcing the mountain to rise.
3	Panasonic and Toshiba Look to Establishing a Joint Venture to Make &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toshiba Corporation ( quot;Toshiba quot;) and  lt; ahref= quot;http://matsushita.co.jp quot; target= quot;_new quot; gt;Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
0	Federal Fisheries minister says there will be review of salmon mortality (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Although the federal Fisheries Department monitors river conditions year-round, officials could not react fast enough to prevent deaths of spawning salmon in northern B.C. due to Fraser River temperatures, federal Fisheries Minister Geoff Regan suggested Monday.
0	Clamor over Musharraf #39;s Kashmir peace plan Islamic groups in Pakistan are denouncing a new effort by President Pervez Musharraf to resolve the dispute over Kashmir, the BBC reported Tuesday.
3	Picture of North Sea fish decline A model of the North Sea's ecosystem suggests the total fish stock has dropped from 26 million tonnes to 10 million tonnes in just over a century.
0	Cheney: Terrorists May Bomb U.S. Cities (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday raised the possibility of terrorists bombing U.S. cities with nuclear weapons and questioned whether Sen. John Kerry could combat such an "ultimate threat ... you've got to get your mind around."
2	Revolving Door Wolfgang Bernhard, former DaimlerChrysler executive once slated to take over Mercedes, as head of Volkswagen #39;s VW division. Jonathan Soros and Robert Soros, as co-deputy chairmen of Soros Fund Management LLC, running dad George Soros #39;s company day to day.
1	New York bidders launch international promo campaign New York has launched a new phase in its bid for the 2012 Olympics, taking its message directly to the people who will select the host city.
0	US defector surrenders Saluting and standing at attention, accused American army deserter Charles Jenkins surrendered to US military authorities at a base near Tokyo, today, to face charges that he left his unit in 1965 and defected to North Korea.
0	Swiss to hand back more Abacha funds Switzerland is to hand back to Nigeria SFr622 million (\$500 million) belonging to the former ruler, Sani Abacha, and his family. 
3	Nude Photo Publisher Perfect 10 Sues Google (Reuters) Reuters - A California-based pornographer\said on Monday it has sued Google Inc. , alleging that\its leading Internet search engines are illegally allowing\people to view hijacked versions of its nude photos and to\access its Web site with stolen passwords.
3	Food Industry Helps Americans Eat Faster Spoons are so old school. And so slow. Harried Americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds from their dining routines have seized on a slew of new foods designed to keep them on the go - no utensils needed.
3	Minnesota explorers sound alarm bells over Arctic warming ENVIRONMENT: A four-year study documents Arctic warming, and adventurers say the world needs to take action. BY JOHN MYERS. When Arctic explorer Lonnie Dupre saw two giant glaciers on his map of Greenland, he worried how his group would get around them.
3	Google Stumbles With New Desktop Tool (PC World) PC World - Beta search app creates vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's\  security.
1	Media reports say Crown, Bertuzzi lawyers close to plea bargain on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VANCOUVER (CP) - With his assault trial set to start in exactly a month, a report surfaced Friday that Vancouver Canucks star Todd Bertuzzi may be close to a plea bargain with BC prosecutors.
0	France-China deals awaken Europeans PARIS President Jacques Chirac of France will return from a lavish five-day state visit to China on Tuesday with industrial orders worth more than \$4 billion, a success that is not going unnoticed in neighboring European countries and may intensify 
3	Sun Microsystems Narrows 1Q Loss (AP) AP - Sun Microsystems Inc. returned to a loss in its fiscal first quarter as the server and software maker paid for its recent restructuring efforts and a settlement with Eastman Kodak Co.
2	Disney CEO Eisner to Resign in 2006 Description: Michael Eisner, the embattled head of the Walt Disney Co., is planning to step down as CEO when his contract expires in the year 2006.
1	Geiberger has share of clubhouse lead at Greensboro Brent Geiberger took advantage of ideal morning conditions to earn a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6-under-par 66 during the first 
3	Microsoft Wires XP to TV with Media Center  quot;Consumers are telling us that they don #39;t want to be tied to the room where their PC lives to look at their digital pictures or view a program recorded on their Media Center PC, quot; Joe Belfiore 
3	RIAA sues more music downloaders THE US recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of its effort to stamp out unauthorised trading of music online.
0	Retired Britons die in plane crash in Australian outback Two British-born tourists were killed yesterday when their light plane crashed in an exclusive wilderness park in a remote part of Western Australia.
3	IBM Expands RFID Services IBM (Quote, Chart) has launched a suite of RFID (define) services for mid-market businesses and industrial sectors. The new services are geared for companies that typically employ 1,000 workers or less.
2	Centene Takes a Dose of Deal-Making The mergers and acquisitions continue apace in the managed care industry.
0	Signs N.Korea Preparing a Missile Test a Worry-U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Signs that North Korea\is preparing to test a ballistic missile are of great concern,\a U.S. commander said on Sunday, adding that the North could be\on the verge of big missile technology breakthroughs.
3	Madden Comes to the Tapwave Zodiac October 21, 2004 - Tapwave and Mobile Digital Media (MDM) announced today that MDM #39;s officially licensed Palm OS version of Madden NFL 2005, Electronic Arts #39; well-known and critically acclaimed sports video game, will be made available for the Tapwave 
0	Supreme Court Addresses Prison Sentences (AP) AP - With thousands of prison sentences on the line, the Supreme Court will decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could wreak havoc on courthouses nationwide.
1	Martyn braves heat, takes Test to wire This is turning out to be more like a game of snakes and ladders than anything else. Or perhaps an analogy with chess would be better.
0	Palestinian killed in Gaza Strip A Palestinian was killed overnight by Israeli forces, as further violence continued in the Gaza Strip, medical sources said. A body - described on Israeli radio as a  quot;Palestinian youngster quot;, and on Palestinian 
2	Biggest gold firm 'takeover bid' A takeover bid which would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn, is reportedly being considered in South Africa.
3	Marsh Grass Threatens Plants in S.F. Bay (AP) AP - An exotic marsh grass is spreading throughout San Francisco Bay more rapidly than anticipated, threatening native plants and birds and prompting an urgent search for ways to eradicate it.
2	Murdoch Sets Up Poison Pill Defense If any party acquires 15 percent or more of News Corporation, all the other shareholders will be able to buy up to \$80 worth of shares at half-price for every share already owned, under a  quot;poison pill quot; defense adopted by Rupert Murdoch.
3	Casio to release five new digital cameras Casio today announced five new digital cameras for the consumer market, the slim Casio Exilim Card EX-S100 has a 3.2-megapixel sensor, the Casio Exilim Pro EX-P700 is a 7.2-megapixel digital with 4x optical zoom and the Business Shot feature that provides 
1	Formula One: Desperate days for also-rans SHANGHAI Far from killing the intrigue and interest, the almost total domination of the Formula One season by Michael Schumacher and Ferrari has, paradoxically, ensured a that the last three races of the year, starting with the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday 
1	Naslund not going to Europe CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vancouver Canucks captain Markus Naslund won #39;t be heading home to Sweden to play hockey after all, according to a report.
2	Apple beats 4Q forecasts with fivefold increase in iPod sales NEW YORK, October 14 (newratings.com) - Apple Computer (AAPL.NAS) reported its highest fourth-quarter sales in the past nine years for 4Q FY04, while the company #39;s quarterly profits more than doubled on ay/y basis.
0	No miscarriage of justice in Colombia: Harney The Tnaiste, Mary Harney, has said she has no reason to believe that a miscarriage of justice was involved in the case of the three Irishmen in Colombia given lengthy jail sentences for training left wing guerrillas.
3	UTStarCom to put cell networks on IP Network infrastructure maker UTStarCom Inc. says it has figured out a way to keep local cell phone calls local -- even over enterprise LANs.
1	Glazer will be main topic at Man United shareholders #39; meeting There #39;s no doubt about the main topic at Friday #39;s annual meeting of Manchester United shareholders: Malcolm Glazer. Though Manchester United PLC has 39,000 
2	Attorney convicted of credit card scam LOS ANGELES -- A lawyer has been convicted of using a credit card scam to pay his way through law school. Christian Ehlers, 29, a 2001 graduate of Loyola Law School, was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy, fraud 
2	Singapore selldown of Air NZ well anticipated by market Singapore International Airline #39;s (SIA) selldown of its 6.3 per cent stake in Air New Zealand, announced yesterday, seems to have been well anticipated by the sharemarket.
1	Vincent Takes Center Stage Bills defensive back Troy Vincent returns to the lineup and stars, recording an interception, a sack and a fumble recover as Buffalo beats up on Cleveland, 37-7, on Sunday.
3	Bluetooth mini-mouse p2pnet.net News:- IOGEAR says it #39;s launched a rechargeable Bluetooth mini-mouse so road warriors can work wirelessly up to 66 feet away from their computers.
2	US Pledges to Cut Deficit as G-20 Sees Growth Risks (Update1) Treasury Secretary John Snow pledged to reduce the US budget deficit, blamed by Europeans for the euro #39;s gains against the dollar and cited as a risk to global growth by ministers from 20 industrial and emerging economies.
0	Kremlin Choice Seen Leading Chechnya Vote GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-ravaged Chechnya appeared to be the victor Sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners.    Little more than two hours after polls closed, acting Chechen president Sergei Abramov said preliminary results showed Maj...
2	Enron barge jury not finished yet HOUSTON - Jurors still have work to do after convicting several former Wall Street bankers and a former Enron Corp. finance executive Wednesday of conspiring to push through a sham deal.
1	Blue Jays Beat Orioles 8-5 for Sweep (AP) AP - Eric Hinske and Vernon Wells homered, and the Toronto Blue Jays completed a three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles with an 8-5 victory Sunday.
1	Bumpy road ahead for Andover When Ashley McLaughlin's 3-pointer skipped off the rim, concluding last year's MIAA Division 1 state championship game, gone were Andover's chances at back-to-back titles. Gone, too, are more than half the players.
2	Price of Oil Rises Despite Loans From US Reserve The price of crude oil rose to a record high yesterday even as the Bush administration agreed to tap the nation #39;s emergency oil stockpile because of supply problems caused by Hurricane Ivan.
0	Saudi Forces Kill Suspected Militant (AP) AP - Saudi security forces killed a suspected militant in the Red Sea city of Jeddah on Saturday and confiscated weapons in his possession, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
3	Google conforms to Chinese censorship Google #39;s recently launched news service in China doesn #39;t display results from Web sites blocked by that country #39;s authorities, raising prickly questions 
3	Microsoft Courts Non-Friendly #39; Linux Users to Increase Sales Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to Linux, a computer operating system available for free on the Internet.
1	NBA hopeful Liu Wei wins praise from coaches on eve of China showdown (AFP) AFP - China's national team basketball star Liu Wei, aiming to become Asia's first guard to make it in the NBA, is getting high accolades from the coaches of the Sacramento Kings with whom he is trying out.
0	Bangladesh paralysed by strikes Opposition activists have brought many towns and cities in Bangladesh to a halt, the day after 18 people died in explosions at a political rally.
1	Soccer Legend Maradona Arrives in Cuba (AP) AP - Former soccer great Diego Maradona returned to Cuba on Monday to resume treatment for cocaine addiction after a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native Argentina and sparked unsuccessful attempts by his family to keep him at home.
2	A City Built Upon Wits India's Kerala state to build a technology-friendly city for global investors.  Also: Intel continues its expansion in the Indian city Bangalore   hellip;. Sirius Satellite scores a hard-charging CEO   hellip;. and more.
2	FOMC rate calls may get more interesting next year WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The Federal Open Market committee is meeting behind closed doors on Tuesday and the most that financial markets can muster is a collective yawn.
0	UN Cloning Treaty on Hold Until After U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration on\Friday urged quick U.N. action on a global treaty to ban all\cloning of human embryos, including for medical research, but\diplomats said the measure would go nowhere before the Nov. 2\U.S. elections.
0	Afghan leader vows to release 400 Pakistani prisoners ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai promised yesterday to repatriate 400 Pakistani prisoners who fought with the former ruling Taliban regime and have been held in Afghan jails since 2001, a Pakistani official said.
2	US withholds some Halliburton payments for Iraq services Halliburton said Tuesday that the US Army had decided not to grant it additional time to substantiate its costs for feeding and housing American troops in Iraq and Kuwait, a decision that could cost the company 15 percent of its payment. 
2	Lenovo Buys IBM #39;s PC Business for \$1.25 Billion (Update4) Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed to pay \$1.25 billion for International Business Machines Corp. #39;s personal computer business, lifting China #39;s largest PC maker to third in world rankings and giving it a globally recognized brand.
0	GOP Governors Cheer Election Wins (AP) AP - Buoyed by President Bush's re-election and a political map with coast-to-coast Republican leaders, GOP governors gathered Thursday to cheer their electoral fortunes and discuss solving familiar fiscal problems at home.
2	Yukos seeks US bankruptcy refuge Russian oil giant Yukos files for bankruptcy protection in the US in a last ditch effort to stop the Kremlin auctioning its main production unit.
3	MSBlast suspect pleads guilty The 19-year-old faces up to 37 months in prison after admitting to creating the "MSBlast.B" variant.
0	Congressional probe sought over jailing of US vigilantes in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - A lawyer for one of three Americans jailed in Afghanistan for illegally running a private anti-terror campaign and secret jail has asked for a US Congressional probe to look into bringing the trio home.
0	N. Korea Rules Out One-on-One Talks with S. Korea North Korea says there will be no more bilateral talks with South Korea unless the South #39;s secret nuclear experiments are thoroughly investigated.
0	Jail deaths 'disaster for Kenya' A Kenyan human rights group says the death of 56 inmates at a prison this year amounts to a "national disaster".
0	Gold Hits 16-Year High as Dollar Plunges Vs. Euro With the dollar hitting a third straight day of record lows against the euro, gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years.
3	Drier Times Ahead in the West? The five-year drought parching much of the western United States could continue for years and may be just the beginning of a long era of drier times due to global warming, a new study suggests.
2	Calpers Tendered Its PeopleSoft Shares Calpers, the biggest US pension fund, said on Thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT) to Oracle Corp.
1	Red Sox lock up playoff spot The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.
2	Treasuries Look Past Data to Oil, Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices clung to modest  gains on Wednesday as the market looked past mixed data on U.S.  business investment to focus on high oil prices and an auction  of new government debt.
3	'After Kyoto' Takes Center Stage at Climate Talks (Reuters) Reuters - The Kyoto agreement to\reduce greenhouse gas emissions doesn't take effect for two\months, but climate change negotiators are already fixated on\what happens when it expires in 2012.
0	Shia leader cuts ties with Sadr A senior Shia leader living in Iran criticises radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada Sadr, calling his anti-US rebellion wrong.
3	Shiver Me Timbers! Brazil Full of PC Pirates --Study  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil should end the year at  the top of the list of countries with the highest rate of  pirated personal computers in its market, outranking China for  the first time, according to a study released on Thursday.
1	Steelers Hand Eagles First Loss, 27-3: NFL Week 9 (Update1) Ben Roethlisberger threw for 183 yards and two touchdowns to help the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Philadelphia Eagles 27-3, knocking off the National Football League #39;s last undefeated team.
1	Journey Nears an End Fletcher's Cove -- one of the best fishing holes in the country -- has been in the Fletcher family since the Civil War, but will soon be handed over to the National Park Service.
0	Militants rebuff Abbas truce idea GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Islamic militant groups behind many suicide bombings dismissed yesterday a call from Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, to halt attacks in the run-up to a Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat.
3	Dell May Soon Unveil More Consumer Goods -Analyst  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DELL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest PC maker, could announce an expanded selection of its  consumer electronics line in the next several weeks, a retail  industry analyst said on Wednesday.
2	Treasury 10-Year Notes Hold Close to April High for Second Week US 10-year Treasury notes finished for a second week at the highest since April, on speculation record oil prices will hinder economic growth, prompting the Federal Reserve to slow the pace of interest-rate increases.
3	Claims Over Tasers' Safety Are Challenged Taser International says that a study endorses the safety of its electrical guns, but the laboratory that conducted the research disagrees.
3	Sony Begins Mass Production of OLED Displays Sony announced today that they will start mass production of a full-color Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED) display. The new displayed will be first used in their new CLIE PEG-VZ90 handheld.
3	HP Shows New Inkjet, Laser Printers At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
0	Thatcher challenges coup questioning South Africa #39;s high court will hear a challenge on September 21 to a subpoena demanding Mark Thatcher answer questions from Equatorial Guinea about a suspected coup plot in the oil-rich country, his lawyer says.
0	Pakistan PM arrives in Nepal Kathmandu, Nov 1 (UNI) Pakistan Prime Minister and SAARC chairperson Shaukat Aziz arrived here today on a two-day visit to the Himalayan Kingdom.
3	Missouri Pulls Video Games From Prison (AP) AP - Prison officials are no longer allowing Missouri's most violent criminals to have access to video games with titles like "Hitman: Contracts."
3	Yahoo! upgrades its e-mail Yahoo! announced Monday that it is upgrading some components of its e-mail service. The main change is the implementation of the company #39;s DomainKeys anti-spam technology (see our previous coverage).
1	Chargers lose their leading wide receiver SAN DIEGO - The San Diego Chargers lost a wide receiver Tuesday, the same day they acquired Keenan McCardell from the Buccaneers. While they were finalizing the deal for McCardell just before the NFL trading 
1	Double win for DiGrassi! Brazilian Lucas di Grassi scored his first two wins yesterday in Thruxton in the British F3 championship.
1	Maradona in Havana for drug treatment: Sports India Havana, Sep 21 : Argentine football legend Diego Maradona will be admitted to the Mental Health Centre hospital in Cuba for treatment of his cocaine addiction.
3	.Mac Affiliate Program Partner with .Mac  #151; Apple #146;s suite of Internet essentials  #151; as a .Mac affiliate. More than half-a-million people use .Mac to make the Internet the ultimate experience. Learn how your customers can, too. Dec 03
0	FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warnings WASHINGTON - All antidepressants must carry a "black box" warning, the government's strongest safety alert, linking the drugs to increased suicidal thoughts and behavior among children and teens taking them, the Food and Drug Administration said Friday.    Because the warnings are primarily seen by doctors, the agency also is creating an information guide for patients to advise them of the risk...
2	Oil producers have wafer-thin safety margin: experts VIENNA : Limited spare capacity means that the ability of oil producers to meet the sharpest rise in demand since the 1970s is likely to be severely tested, according to experts attending an OPEC-sponsored seminar in Vienna.
1	Third Seed Moya Stunned by Belgian Rochus  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Third seed Carlos Moya became the  highest seed to exit the U.S. Open when he was dumped out 4-6,  6-4, 6-3, 6-7, 7-5 by unseeded Belgian Olivier Rochus in the  third round Saturday.
0	 quot;Incendiary device quot; on Virgin Blue flight Days after the event, Australian police have confirmed reports that a Sydney airport baggage handler found an  quot;incendiary device quot; in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue jet.
0	Court-martial opens for accused 1960 #39;s Army deserter CAMP ZAMA, Japan A military court-martial is under way for Charles Jenkins, the Army sergeant who #39;s accused of deserting his unit in 1965 and defecting to North Korea.
1	No. 19 N.C. State Demolishes Elon 71-45 (AP) AP - Julius Hodge scored 17 points on his 21st birthday to join an exclusive group of Atlantic Coast Conference players, leading No. 19 North Carolina State past Elon 71-45 Thursday night in the semifinals of the BCA Invitational.
2	Bed Bath   Beyond Profit Up, Shares Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bed Bath   Beyond Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBBY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBBY.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 24 percent rise in its quarterly earnings as  demand for its household goods remained strong.
2	US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. claims for jobless benefits  jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat  in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out  the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
3	Targeting stress response proteins on breast, prostate tumor cells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON - Stress response proteins present on the outside of cancer cells offer a promising target for a novel drug  quot;guidance system, quot; say researchers at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.
3	NASA will attempt to launch a shuttle in mid-May KENNEDY SPACE CENTER Still plagued by problems after the Columbia shuttle disaster, NASA has announced a new target date for getting its spacecraft off the ground.
3	Fact and fiction in the Microsoft-SCO relationship SCO's fight against Linux has conspiracy theorists buzzing over Microsoft's role in the affair. What are the facts?
2	January trial is set for former HealthSouth CEO BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- A federal judge has scheduled jury selection in the fraud trial of fired HealthSouth Corp. chief executive Richard Scrushy to begin Jan. 5.
2	Next season not so bad, experts say Sure, next year #39;s season likely will have more storms in the Atlantic region than an average year, Colorado State University forecaster William Gray said.
2	Berkshire Takes Stake in Pier 1 Fellow Fool Alyce Lomax and I need to debate Pier 1 Imports (NYSE: PIR). Between Alyce covering the company warnings and me advising not to jump off the pier, there has been little good news to report. Is Pier 1 ready to get ...
3	Sunspot Grows to 20 Times Size of Earth (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A sunspot group aimed squarely \  at Earth has grown to 20 times the size of our planet and has the potential \  to unleash a major solar storm.
1	Bonds propels Giants with arm, not bat Barry Bonds swung at nine pitches and none of them left the ballpark. He made one spectacular throw and it saved the game.  quot;Tonight, he did it with his arm, quot; winning pitcher 
0	Voters to Judge Bush and Kerry on Foreign Policy in First Debate It is an axiom of the two presidential campaigns that their candidates offer a stark choice about America's role in the world.
0	Aid workers get more access to Darfur Sudan has eased access to its troubled Darfur region for relief workers and supplies but hasn #39;t disbanded the marauding militia that caused 1.5 million people to flee their homes 
1	Busch, Truex garner wet poles at Darlington DARLINGTON, SC -- Rain canceled qualifying at Darlington Raceway on Friday so starting lineups for this weekend #39;s NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series and NASCAR Busch Series races have been set by points.
3	Gov #39;t initiative lets drug companies track meds with embedded &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (National-NBC) Nov. 15, 2004 - A new government initiative will put radio antennas on the labels of some of the most counterfeited drugs in the world.
3	Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network 
0	In Autism, New Goal Is Finding It Soon Enough to Fight It Across the country, thousands of toddlers are joining studies that could signal new hope for a baffling childhood disorder.
3	Indian IT major Infosys net profit jumps 49 percent as outsourcing booms (AFP) AFP - India's second-largest software exporter, Infosys Technologies, quarterly net profit jumped 49 percent, well ahead of market expectations, thanks to a sustained outsourcing boom.
0	House Starts Process to Raise Debt Limit (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Thursday prepared to raise the nation's debt ceiling by  #36;800\billion, taking the new limit to  #36;8.184 trillion.
1	Keflezighi, Kastor medaled at Athens Games NEW YORK -- Meb Keflezighi and Deena Kastor rescued American distance running at the 2004 Olympic Games. On Sunday, they have a chance to put their country back on the map as a marathon force.
3	Mars Rovers Still at Work Description: The two Mars Rovers, Opportunity and Sprit, are showing signs of wear... not surprising, since their mission was expected to end in April.
0	Corruption case casts shadow on Mbeki  #39;heir #39; The probity of the man tipped as South Africa #39;s next leader was on trial yesterday when a businessman appeared in court accused of paying more than 110,000 in bribes.
2	Rosy outlook from Greenspan fails to sway many economists (AFP) AFP - The upbeat outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has failed to convince many economists, who argue that the United States is likely to see tepid growth at best in the near future.
0	What #39;s next in Iranian nuclear saga? US and European officials couldn #39;t agree on how to deal with Iran Wednesday at an IAEA meeting in Vienna. By Scott Peterson. MOSCOW - Divided US and European officials stalled a meeting of the UN #39;s atomic 
0	Fighting in Fallujah Nears End U.S. and Iraqi security forces scoured Fallujah for remaining insurgent fighters and pounded the city's southernmost neighborhoods  with heavy artillery and bombs late Sunday night, as military commanders declared victory seven days after launching their largest  operation since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003.
1	Unbeaten Federer Marches Into Masters Semi-Finals  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer downed  Carlos Moya, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, Thursday to complete a dazzling  unbeaten run through the round-robin stages into the  semi-finals of the Masters Cup.
0	Coming soon: Taj by night Come Saturday, the monument of love, the Taj Mahal, can be viewed in the splendour of the full moon, 20 years after security fears ended night visits.
2	Before-the-Bell: OmniVision, Nortel Down (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc.\ fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on Thursday, the\morning after the image sensor designer announced the\resignation of its chief financial officer.
1	Testaverde #39;s scramble sparks Cowboys IRVING, Texas - The Dallas Cowboys finally got some big plays from the old legs in their running game, only they didnt come from 33-year-old Richie Anderson or 31-year-old Eddie George.
2	G7 Countries: Oil Prices Threat to Economy (AP) AP - Declaring that high oil prices are a threat to the global economy, the world's industrialized countries urged producers Friday to provide price relief by boosting supplies.
2	Update 1: Glaxo Stocks Advance; Merck Stocks Slip Pharmaceutical stocks were trading slightly higher after news Thursday that GlaxoSmithKline Plc was going to settle with New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer over allegations the company hid safety studies for its anti-depressant Paxil.
3	Sony Walkman takes on iPod Sony is finally out with their first direct assault on the famed Apple iPod digital music player. As reported earlier, Sony has gone ahead and released their first MP3 supported Walkman.
3	Scientists watch man-made flood of Grand Canyon More than 135 years after explorer John Wesley Powell first surveyed this ancient canyon, his writings seemed to echo last week as water roared down the Colorado River.
3	Video Cameras at Movies Would Be Crime (AP) AP - Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.
1	Notebook: Overrated? Urlacher aggravated by article The Bears added sportswriter Dennis Dillon to their 2005 training-camp roster yesterday. Brian Urlacher confirmed the transaction.
2	Prudential to Raise 1 Billion Pounds in Share Sale (Update5) Prudential Plc, Britain #39;s No. 2 insurer, plans to raise 1 billion pounds (\$1.8 billion) by selling new stock to help fund a UK expansion and comply with European rules on capital reserves.
1	Colon, Angels rip A's The Angels considered themselves a playoff team all along, even while they spent the summer playing catch up. Now they're one win away.
1	Thankfully, the BCS got it right this time BCS critics often vent frustration by omitting that middle letter. Not this time. It is needed. After Sunday, it #39;s clear what the C really signifies.
2	Norilsk Puts Gold Fields in Play Norilsk Nickel shook up the gold world Monday, backing a hostile takeover bid by one South African company for another that could give it a stake in the world #39;s largest producer of the precious metal.
0	UN backs anti-terror measures The UN Security Council backs a Russian proposal to speed up the extradition of terrorist suspects.
1	UNDATED: 2-of-8 shooting. Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in the first half as Kansas coasted from the outset. JR Giddens had 14 of his 16 points for Kansas (6-0) in the first half.
0	North Korean Official: Pyongyang Wants to Continue Nuclear Talks Chinese officials report that a senior North Korean leader says his country wants to remain on track with six-nation negotiations on its nuclear ambitions.
3	Justice Department Cracks Down On Spammers It disrupted a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted files and is making a series of arrests against purveyors of spam.
2	US Airways pilot talks collapse The pressure on US Airways mounted last night after talks with its pilots aimed at cutting nearly \$300m (163m) in costs broke down.
2	Circuit City #39;s Improving Two weeks ago, we got to see a glimpse of Circuit City #39;s (NYSE: CC) second-quarter numbers when the electronics retailer pre-announced that sales had ticked up nearly 9 to \$2.
3	Two-thirds  #39;unlikely #39; to pay for music downloads Music downloading and file-sharing are on the increase, and record companies who attempt to regulate illegal downloaders get short shrift from internet users, a survey reveals today.
1	Boxer Holyfield Suspended NEW YORK -- New York boxing officials have suspended former heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield following his loss to journeyman Larry Donald on Saturday.
2	Jobs Data Hold Promise of Stronger Growth (AP) AP - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate marginally to 5.4 percent. While the figures didn't amount to a national job fair, analysts said, they did hold out the promise of stronger growth following the summer lull.
0	Pakistan urges China not to forget poorer neighours Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today urged booming China to help poorer neighbours, saying a larger role by the nascent giant could boost development and improve regional security.
1	Panthers Out to Prove Super Bowl No Fluke (AP) AP - There is no arrogant swagger among the Carolina Panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the Super Bowl this season.
1	4-shot lead for Kerr Cristie Kerr shot her second straight 9-under-par 63 yesterday to take a four-stroke lead into the final round of the State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.
0	EU tentatively agrees to lift embargo on Libya (AFP) AFP - European Union (EU) officials agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
3	City  #39;getting stronger #39; The City is  quot;strong and getting stronger each and every day, quot; Mayor Gavin Newsom proclaimed during his first State of the City address since taking office in January.
2	GM: See Red, Save Green; \$7,500 Cash Back  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer  cash rebates as high as \$7,500 on some 2004 models in its new  "Red Tag" incentive program to be launched on Dec. 10 in an  effort to boost sales after two disappointing months, dealers  said on Wednesday.
1	Schilling has surgery on damaged ankle Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling underwent a three-hour operation Tuesday to fix a ruptured tendon in his right ankle. Dr. Bill Morgan, the team physician, performed the surgery.
0	Unions Threaten to Extend Nigeria Strike (AP) AP - Nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on Wednesday, increasing concerns about production in Africa's biggest oil-exporting nation.
0	British sufferer of madcow disease no longer 'terminally ill': dad (AFP) AFP - A British man suffering from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (vCJD), the human form of mad cow disease is no longer terminal ill, thanks to an experimental medical treatment, his father said.
3	Police Display Weapons Confiscated From Teen #39;s Home Police arrested a 17-year-old in Clinton Township Thursday after receiving news that the boy was planning an attack on his own school.
1	Men #39;s Tennis: Srichaphan, Hewitt Advance to Long Island Cup &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two-time defending champion Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand and former world number one Lleyton Hewitt of Australia have advanced to Saturday #39;s semifinals of the Long Island Cup men #39;s tennis tournament in New York.
1	Texas Tech hoping comeback unnecessary against No. 2 Sooners NORMAN, Okla. After rallying from 21 and 25 points down in back-to-back weeks, Texas Tech hopes to avoid a similar situation when they play Oklahoma tomorrow.
1	Celtics set to sign No. 2 choice The Celtics will sign second-round pick (40th overall) Justin Reed today, according to his agent, Mark Bartelstein. The sides agreed to a two-year deal worth approximately \$1 million. The first year is guaranteed and the team holds the option on the second. Director of basketball operations Danny Ainge announced last week that Boston planned to sign the 6-foot-8-inch forward from ...
0	Powell Says Sudan Sponsoring Genocide in Darfur (Update3) Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sudan #39;s government is sponsoring atrocities in its western Darfur region that amount to genocide, buttressing the US case for the United Nations to levy economic sanctions on the African nation.
0	Explosion in Islamabad's Marriott hotel, injuries: hotel employee (AFP) AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP.
2	IBM Selling PC Unit to China's Lenovo  BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is selling its  PC-making business to China's largest personal computer maker,  Lenovo Group Ltd., for \$1.25 billion, marking the U.S. giant's  retreat from an industry it helped pioneer in 1981.
3	Philips Sees Flat Chip Market in 2005  EINDHOVEN, Netherlands (Reuters) - Philips Electronics said  on Tuesday it had trimmed its 2005 global chip market outlook  to zero growth from a previous 5 percent rate forecast.
1	UPDATE 3-Valencia defeat leaves Barca five points clear Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home to nine-man Sevilla on Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear at the top of the Primera Liga table.
3	Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live from SES Chicago 2004 - White Hat/black Hat SEO Panel - So Now You Can Search Videos - Google Wins Major Legal Victory vs. Geico - Google Suggest Beta - The Dark Side of Exchanging Reciprocal Links
0	Bosnia Serb PM Resigns, Rejects Western Pressure Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday, refusing to enact police and army reforms demanded by top peace overseer Paddy Ashdown.
3	Breaking News: SCO Tries To Squeeze Discovery Out of IBM The SCO Group has asked the Utah district court overseeing its \$5 billion suit against IBM to postpone any decision on any IBM dispositive motions - like the one the court is supposed to hear on Wednesday seeking a partial summary judgment in IBM #39;s favor 
0	Congress Said Set to Back Mideast Trade (AP) AP - Congress will vote as early as February on a free trade agreement with Bahrain and stands ready to consider agreements with other countries in the Middle East, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said Wednesday.
3	IPod Rivals Square Off Against Apple  NEW YORK (Billboard) - The next wave of iPod competitors is  coming.
2	Qwest agrees to pay \$250 million to settle fraud investigation Qwest agreed to pay \$250 million Thursday to settle allegations the telecommunications company falsified the books by at least \$3.
2	Invest Like Steinbrenner You might hate his tactics and his team, but the New York Yankees owner is one heck of an investor.
2	OPEC Members Split on Increasing Output VIENNA, Austria - Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
3	Movie industry sues more than 100 people for helping with online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LOS ANGELES Hollywood is trying to stamp out computer networks that let people swap movies online. Movie studios filed copyright infringement lawsuits today against more than 100 operators of computer servers 
3	Overconsumption threatens ecological balance, WWF warns GENEVA - People are consuming the planet #39;s resources at a rate that outstrips its capacity to support life, a global conservation group said Thursday.
2	Delphi report quarterly loss Delphi Corp. today reported third quarter revenues of \$6.65 billion, and a net loss of \$114 million or a loss of \$0.20 per share. Excluding the impact of previously announced restructuring charges, Delphi 
0	Six Dead in Afghanistan Explosion KABUL, Afghanistan - An explosion tore through the office of an American defense contractor in the heart of the Afghan capital Sunday, killing as many as six people and seriously injuring several more, officials and residents said. The victims included several apparent U.S...
3	Flaw opens crack in Windows servers com November 30, 2004, 11:48 AM PT. Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
2	Accenture Profit Up, Outlook Below Street (Reuters) Reuters - Accenture Ltd. , a leading\global consulting firm, on Wednesday posted\higher-than-expected quarterly earnings on a rebound in\consulting business, but projected profit for the current\quarter to miss Wall Street forecasts.
1	Tennis Needs Instant Replay Blame a chair umpire named Mariana Alves for professional tennis going to the use of instant replay, because it #39;s coming. When you screw up as badly as Alves did Tuesday night at the US Open 
2	Wal-Mart Still Sees Sales Up 1-3 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 1  percent to 3 percent increase in December sales at its U.S.  stores open at least a year.
3	Napster Creator Touts Legal File Sharing Shawn Fanning's Napster software enabled countless music fans to swap songs on the Internet for free, turning him into the recording industry's enemy No. 1 in the process.
0	2 killed in Baghdad blast A car bomb targeting a US Military convoy exploded near the Australian Embassy in Baghdad on Monday, killing at least two people. Police at the scene said the morning explosion killed two Iraqi bystanders and injured several others.
3	Oracle Talked of Lowering PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  Chief\Executive Larry Ellison said on Friday his company has talked\about revising its current  #36;21-per-share offer to buy rival\PeopleSoft Inc. , although it has focused more on\lowering the bid instead of raising it.
2	Currency Flexibility Is in China #39;s Best Interest, IMF Says Greater flexibility in China #39;s exchange rate is in the nation #39;s best interest to help the central bank better manage the effects of inflation and should be pursued without undue delay 
1	Giving Thanks: Jets extend Bradway #39;s contract Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - The New York Jets on Thursday extended the contract of executive vice president and general manager Terry Bradway through the 2007 season.
0	The Israeli Invasion of North Gaza On Sept. 29th Members of the militant wing of Hamas fired a Qassam rocket across the Gaza border into the Israeli town of Sederot killing two small children.
3	Symantec: Viruses Aimed at Windows Grow in Number According to the Symantec report, there is a sharp rise in so-called  quot;bot networks quot; of compromised PCs that are used by hackers to launch denial-of-service attacks.
1	AN INDIAN JOURNEY Kanpur: Thankfully not a metropolis One thing you learn over the years is how Indian spectators love to get involved, even when the match is as dead as this one. It places them in a unique position and the pity is that a game that offered so much turned out the way it did.
1	Twins intimidated by Yanks? No way (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Too tired to take batting practice, the bleary-eyed Minnesota Twins milled around the Metrodome just hours after another postseason rally by the New York Yankees evened their American League Division Series at one game each.
2	Economy hurdle looms large for Latham PRIME Minister John Howard has called an election he cannot confidently predict he will win. But he is a political veteran and has calculated that the six-week campaign is more likely to serve 
0	Massive blast at Jakarta embassy At least six have been killed after a huge explosion outside Australia's embassy in the Indonesian capital.
1	Ballpark scuffle says more about fans than players  #39;You suck! You #39;re a piece of  amp;\$#*! You can #39;t play worth *\$#! you loser, so SIT DOWN!!! quot; That #39;s what a guy was yelling at a visiting player during a White Sox-Angels game earlier this summer.
1	Felix Trinidad Sets Boxing Back On Course Boxing fans have been scrambling for answers, searching for scenarios, and Saturday night the answers were found, where all sports questions are resolved, Madison Square Garden.
1	Federer waits out rain, beats Hewitt HOUSTON Top-seeded Roger Federer beat Lleyton Hewitt in straight sets in a rain-soaked second round of the ATP Masters Cup tennis championships in Houston.
2	Major bank #39;s layoffs felt in Hudson Valley Bank of America began cutting jobs Wednesday but officials would not confirm how many or where. But a spokeswoman said cuts were occurring, and would eventually reach 12,500, the same number given in spring when the merger became final. 
2	Mortgage Applications Rise in Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week as 30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest  level since early April, an industry group said on Wednesday.
1	Darren Clarke Wins Taiheiyo Masters (AP) AP - Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke won the Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday, closing with 4-under 68 for a six-stroke victory.
0	Karzai leading polls with over 1/3 votes counted Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai has been keeping on leading the ballot counting as he garnered 62.6 percent of the votes counted till Wednesday noon, Afghan election website said.
2	Profit jumps 13 percent for Delta Faucet parent Masco Corp., the parent company of Carmel, Ind.-based Delta Faucet Co., said third-quarter net income rose 13 percent as a surge in home sales boosted sales of paints, cabinets and other home-improvement supplies.
2	Ford Reports Disappointing U.S. Sales Ford's car and truck business sales fell nearly 7 percent in September from a year ago.
2	Stock Futures Whipsaw After Jobs Data US stock futures fell on Friday then quickly rebounded, after a US report showed job growth in August came in slightly below expectations.
0	Detainee cites abuse at Guantanamo Bay UNITED STATES SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- Prisoners at the US detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have been beaten while blindfolded and handcuffed, terrorized by attack dogs, and forced to take drugs, an Australian detainee said in an affidavit released yesterday. David Hicks, 29, was one of the first prisoners to arrive at the camp in eastern Cuba in ...
0	Iran Says U.S. Lacks Options on Its Atomic Program (Reuters) Reuters - Washington has hit a dead-end over\Iran's nuclear dossier, lacking enough proof to demand U.N.\sanctions and too bogged down in Iraq for a military strike,\President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday.
2	United Decreases Domestic, Increases International Focus OCTOBER 06, 2004 -- United Airlines today said it is reallocating resources around its global network to emphasize international routes, while substantially slimming down domestic mainline operations.
3	Evolution as told by the louse A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
1	Poles are party-poopers POLAND produced a stunning comeback to deny departing Wales manager Mark Hughes a happy send-off at the Millennium Stadium today. The home side dominated the first-half and Robbie Savage finally unlocked the 
0	UK broadband gets speed injection A UK internet service provider is offering broadband that is sixteen times faster than average packages.
3	Federal Scientists Search for Lost H-Bomb (AP) AP - Spurred by what appear to be unusual radiation readings offshore, the U.S. government is sending a team of 20 scientists to try to find a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
0	US Forces Bomb Iraq's Falluja, Seize Zarqawi Aide  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. planes bombed targets in  Iraq's rebel-held city of Falluja, killing two people, and the  U.S. military said it had captured a lieutenant of its  deadliest Islamist enemy in Iraq in a raid early on Saturday.
1	Scoring Summary: Buccaneers 19, Bears 7 Jonathan Quinn might have had his best half of football, but it still resulted in a goose egg on the scoreboard. With a little help from the defense, the Bears avoided a shut out with a Thomas Jones touchdown, but it was nowhere near enough.
1	Disqualification scare for Garcia Hard to tell whether the happenings of the European Tour are stranger on the course or off it. There has been Seve Ballesteros getting into mischief with a tour official at a 
0	Attackers Kill Three Afghan Soldiers Taliban gunmen crept up to an Afghan government office under cover of darkness early Wednesday and launched a battle that left three Afghan soldiers and four attackers dead, police said.
2	Oracle CEO: Data Hubs Would Have Prevented 9/11 (12/09/04)Oracle CEO Larry Ellison feels strongly about unified data hubs. In fact, he thinks the biggest terrorist attack in the United States could have been prevented if intelligence officials 
3	AOL to Release 9.0 Security Edition The message coming from America Online could not be any clearer:  quot;We will keep our customers safe online. quot; Even though the market is awash with security software, AOL has stepped in for its members and delivered a fortified version of AOL 9.0, dubbed 
3	Airespace wins IBM deal for Wi-Fi service ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Airespace, a Silicon Valley start-up that sells telecommunications gear, has won a partnership with IBM 
0	For Fallujah Family, a Daring Escape After hiding for days, 10 relatives flee U.S. assault across Euphrates River.
0	Sharon resists calls for vote on Gaza ARIEL SHARON, the Israeli Prime Minister, yesterday used the threat of early elections in an attempt to swing recalcitrant members of his Likud party behind his plan to evacuate all the Jewish settlements in Gaza.
2	Boobirds Batter Symantec-Veritas Updated from 12:51 pm ESTWithin hours of the announcement that antivirus maker Symantec (SYMC:Nasdaq) and software storage vendor Veritas (VRTS:Nasdaq) would merge, skeptical investors shaved about a billion dollars off the value of the all-stock deal.
2	Southwest to cut 88 flights in October Newspaper says largest US discount carrier could boost annual revenue by \$60 million as a result. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southwest Airlines Inc.
1	Nationals Cancel Unveiling of Uniforms The Washington Nationals have postponed a news conference for Wednesday to unveil their new uniforms. A team spokesman tells The Associated Press they #39;ll issue a statement later Wednesday about why the event is being delayed.
1	NASCAR Team Plane Crashes, 10 Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A plane owned by NASCAR's Hendrick  Motorsports organization crashed on Sunday near a small airport  in Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said.
0	Suspect admits al-Qaida membership A man accused of being the chief propagandist for Osama bin Laden admitted yesterday at a military trial that he was a member of the al-Qaida terrorist 
2	President sees lead shrink on U of I Electronic Markets Iowa City, Ia. - President Bush #39;s lead in the University of Iowa-run Iowa Electronic Markets has shrunk in the past week with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry making a comeback among online investors, according to markets data on Friday.
3	Tempting art students into gaming A Scottish university project is trying to persuade art students to consider a career in the games industry.
2	German business gloom increases pressure on ECB German business confidence is tumbling amid mounting fears about the impact of the euro #39;s rise against the dollar, according to the closely-watched Ifo economic institute survey.
2	Staples Posts Sharply Higher Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Staples Inc. (SPLS.O), the top U.S.\office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 39 percent jump\in quarterly profit as a weaker dollar boosted results abroad\and initial back-to-school demand drove sales.
3	NASA to fly again in May 2005 THE US space agency has given a green light for the resumption of space shuttle flights in May 2005, more than two years after seven astronauts died in the mid-air disintegration of space shuttle Columbia.
0	Suspect Admits Jewish Graves Desecration (AP) AP - An unemployed man was arrested Monday in connection with the desecration of a Jewish cemetery earlier this month and an attack on a Muslim, judicial officials said.
2	Diebold and the Disabled Among the promoters of electronic voting machines are advocates for disabled voters. But critics say money connections between disability groups and voting-machine companies suggest the groups may be concerned with more than independent access for the disabled. By Kim Zetter.
2	MMO2 lifts revenue target for UK Strong growth in UK customer numbers at MMO2 has enabled the mobile operator to raise its UK revenue growth forecast. In a trading update, MMO2 said it now expected UK revenue to grow by 9-12 in the year 
0	PINOCHET LOSES LEGAL IMMUNITY Chiles former President General Augusto Pinochet has been stripped of his legal immunity following a ruling by the countrys Supreme Court.
1	Polanco Pitches Well Aaron Polanco's ability to run Navy's option offense will be the key to the Mids' attempt to defeat Notre Dame for the first time in 40 tries this Saturday.
2	Imf Warns of House Price Drop The International Monetary Fund has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, according to reports. The IMFs World Economic Outlook said that, based on interest rate 
3	Red Hat opens office in China Red Hat on Thursday announced the opening of its first office in China, in the capital Beijing. The company said it will be working with industry partners such as HP, IBM, Intel and Oracle, as well as with 
1	Pavin Hits 62 to Charge Into Three-Shot Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Corey Pavin posted his  best score in 14 years, firing an eight-under-par 62 to take a  commanding three-shot lead after the first round of the  inaugural \$4.2 million Buick Championship Thursday.
0	Brown to press for  #39;Marshall Plan for Africa #39; Gordon Brown has declared that the creation of a  quot;Marshall Plan for Africa quot; is at the heart of the government #39;s agenda for its presidency of the Group of Eight in 2005, seeking 
0	UN troops hurt in Haiti violence the second UN peacekeeper to be shot in Haiti over the weekend. On Saturday a Brazilian was hurt in the capital 
1	Washington pursues O'Brien for vacancy The courtship of Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien moved east yesterday when University of Washington athletic director Todd Turner and president Mark Emmert flew east and met with O'Brien.
0	Japan #39;s troubled Daiei considering seeking aid from government &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei is considering seeking help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier reluctance after pressure from its creditors, officials said.
2	Antigua Gets A Piece Of The Action NEW YORK - What are the odds that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda could take on the United States in an international dispute and win?
0	Jordan #39;s King Worries About Iraq Elections PARIS Sept. 28, 2004 - Extremists will have the upper hand in Iraqi elections if voting is held amid the current violence, Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II said in an interview published Tuesday, voicing profound 
0	ElBaradei says unclear if Iran nuclear plans peaceful It is unclear if Iran #39;s nuclear ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as Washington asserts, the UN nuclear watchdog says.
3	Early Forecast: Flu Season Could be Harsh By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- While U.S. health officials say it's too soon to predict the severity of the coming flu season, unofficial accounts indicate it could be relatively harsh...
1	Eagles get busy on third downs A perfect indicator of how much respect the new-look Philadelphia Eagles offense commands these days was provided by the Detroit Lions in the third quarter of the Eagles #39; 30-13 win Sunday.
1	Doping cases hit record With a record 24 athletes ousted for drug-related violations, perhaps the biggest upset of the Olympics was no US team member flunked a doping test.
1	Dravid labours hard to get India valuable lead against South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CALCUTTA, India (AFP) - Rahul Dravid #39;s patient knock of 80 helped India take a useful first innings lead against South Africa in the second and final Test at Eden Gardens.
2	Delta warns it will post a big loss In a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Delta Air Lines warned Friday that next week #39;s third quarter earnings report will include a bigger loss than it predicted earlier.
1	College Basketball Wrap: Washington Beats Loyola-Marymount  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Nate Robinson scored a  game-high 28 points to lead 16th-ranked Washington to a 100-93  win over Loyola-Marymount at Gersten Pavilion.
0	Somalia #39;s newly-appointed PM dismissed by parliament The Somali parliament on Saturday passed a no-confidence motion against the newly-appointed prime minister and his cabinet, according to an informed senior Somali official in Nairobi.
3	Fossilised ape skeleton could be evolution #39;s missing link An extinct ape that lived 13 million years ago has been identified as the leading contender for the title of last common ancestor of humans and all great apes alive today.
3	Spyware Bill Gets House Nod Anti-spyware legislation sails through the House of Representatives, with the bill's sponsor pressing to have both houses approve a law to reign in invasive computer programs by the end of the year. By Michael Grebb.
0	Abbas Needs Support In His Push for Peace By the News-Register. Mahmoud Abbas, the interim leader of the Palestinian Authority, has made it clear that he believes terrorist attacks aimed at Israelis must end if there is to be peace between his people and Israel.
2	Building permits increase 5.7, reversing June downturn WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Construction of new homes recovered in July, as US homebuilders started homes at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.978 million, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. 
1	Nets get Knicked up The Nets looked at Tuesday #39;s game as another chance to climb out of the huge hole they created for themselves with their early-season offensive struggles and prove to the Knicks that they haven #39;t overtaken them just yet.
2	EU Likely To Approve Oracle #39;s Hostile Bid for PeopleSoft EU approval of the Oracle-PeopleSoft deal would mirror events that have occurred in the United States, where the Justice Department had argued in favor of blocking of the bid but a court in San Francisco overturned the recommendation.
3	Genesis Capsule a 'Mangled Mess' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - TOOELE, UTAH -- Its not \  the kind of "breaking news" that NASA wanted.
0	Boy, 12, is shot dead by Israelis JERUSALEM: Israeli soldiers shot dead a 12-year-old Palestinian boy yesterday during confrontations with protesters in a refugee camp in the West Bank town of Jenin, medics said.
3	Mouse for the nose Canadian inventor Dmitry Gorodnichy has devised the world #39;s first computer to be controlled by the nose and eyelids. The gadget could be a boon for people with disabilities who cannot use the conventional 
2	Boston Scientific sinks on forecast Boston Scientific Corp. said Wednesday it expects overall third-quarter sales will miss analyst expectations as preliminary August sales of its Taxus heart device, which was involved in 
3	Darwin is OK after all, Serbia says BELGRADE, Serbia-Montenegro - Serbia reversed an order to ban Darwins theory of evolution from schools on Thursday, after its education minister drew national ridicule for ruling in favor of Old Testament creationism.
2	Westmoreland to buy rest of Roanoake Valley project Westmoreland Coal Co. (WLB.A: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it will buy the 50 percent stake it does not already own of the Roanoke Valley Power Project, or ROVA, in 
2	Protests over tough Dutch budget The Dutch government unveils its austerity budget for 2005 amid protests by the public at the plans for painful reform.
3	Kerry Promises 'A More Balanced' NASA (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - WASHINGTON -- One week before the U.S. elections, \Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) is blasting \President George W. Bush's space exploration vision as a purely political \stunt that threatens to gut other NASA programs.
0	Armed ex-soldiers plan to stop Haiti violence PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Former soldiers who ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a revolt said Wednesday that reinforcements are advancing on Haiti #39;s capital to stop violence that has killed at least 46 people.
3	Nokia  amp; Vodafone help define Java - yawn TALK ABOUT HAVING a finger in every pie, Vodafone has come up with another software initiative to make mobile phones more advanced and cheaper to make for the business user.
3	Amazon's A9 Reaches Beyond Google's Basics (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site that puts a fancy face on Google's plain-Jane search results.
2	Higher Costs, Less Care In the past four years, Americans have spent a growing portion of their paychecks on health care and for the most part gotten less for their money, according to government figures and several independent studies.
2	SBC Details Fiber Plans SBC Communications Inc. on Thursday announced plans to reach 18 million homes with an IP network by the end of 2007 at a cost of \$4 billion.
0	Parties File Suits Over Election Issues (AP) AP - A new political strategy has emerged in this photo-finish presidential race: File a flurry of lawsuits before the first votes are even tallied.
0	Former Lebanese minister escapes death A former Lebanese minister escaped an attempt on his life Friday in an explosion that hit his official car at Beirut #39;s waterfront, security sources said.
2	Ex-CEO, Buyout Firms Eye Toys R Us (Reuters) Reuters - Toys R Us Inc. \has opened its financial records to more than a dozen\prospective suitors, including a consortium being led by the\retailer's former chairman and chief executive Michael\Goldstein, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
1	Modern Pentathlon: Voros Wins Women #39;s Gold Hungary #39;s Zsuzsanna Voros won the gold medal in the women #39;s modern pentathlon in Athens Friday to add the Olympic title to her three world championships.
0	Greek plane diverted to London after bomb alert A Greek plane has landed safely atStansted Airport, north of London, after a bomb alert forced it tomake a diversion, the BBC reports on Sunday.
2	First Profit Since 2000 For Lucent Lucent Technologies Inc, the nation #39;s leading telecommunications-equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday.
1	Awesome Federer caps momentous year Following a resounding defeat in the Masters Cup final, Lleyton Hewitt stated the obvious in hailing Roger Federer as the  quot;stand-out player of the last year and a half quot;.
0	Terror List Snag Nearly Grounds a Kennedy WASHINGTON - A top Homeland Security official has apologized to Sen. Edward M...
3	Ibm Expands Rfid Offerings with Services for Mid-Market and CHICAGO - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ept. 14, 2004  -ay IBM announced a broad suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial companies and mid-market businesses.
2	Stocks Higher on Economic Data, Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks traded higher on Tuesday,  despite oil prices hitting a new high before falling back, as  U.S. economic reports showed an easing of inflationary pressure  and a sharp rebound in the housing market.
1	Plenty of Room at the Inns of Athens Description: In the weeks leading up to the Olympic games in Athens, hotels were expecting huge crowds to flood the city. Lagging ticket sales at Olympic venues seem to have trickled into the hotel business as well, as crowds have failed to show up as ...
1	College-Football Roundup Aggies slip past Eagles on last-second &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NCA amp;T 16, NC Central 15: Carlos Davalos kicked a 50-yard field goal as time expired to give NC A amp;T a victory against NC Central yesterday at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh.
1	Williams Catching On Deyon Williams, the 2002 All-Met from Suitland High, has earned playing time by being Virginia's fastest receiver.
2	United Airlines Likely to Terminate Pension Plans The cash-strapped airline said in a bankruptcy court filing today that it "likely" will be necessary to terminate and replace its employee pension plans.
2	Prices of oil slip on storm worries Oil prices fell yesterday after an early rally in jittery trading due to hurricane speculation and light volume.
1	Late run propels Guerrero to MVP Vladimir Guerrero provided an instant return on Anaheim #39;s five-year, \$70 million, free-agent investment, and Tuesday was named the American League MVP by the Baseball Writers Association of America.
2	Rivalry you can bank on For employees at Bank of America's headquarters, lunch time presents geographic as well as culinary challenges. Workers must choose whether to walk a couple of blocks to the city's most popular sandwich shops, which happen to be clustered near the headquarters of Wachovia Corp. , Bank of America's cross-town rival.
0	Blair rejects tally of Iraq War dead British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.
0	28 Lebanese Lawmakers Boycott Talks (AP) AP - At least 28 lawmakers said they will not take part in talks on forming new government started by Lebanon's president on Thursday, a day after the Cabinet of veteran Prime Minister Rafik Hariri resigned.
0	Gangsters Torch Cars in Haiti Capital (AP) AP - Young gangsters rampaged through the heart of the Haitian capital, torching cars and firing in the air in what many people feared was a prelude to more violence.
0	Japan Tropical Storm Death Toll Hits 13 (AP) AP - Tropical storm Megi swept out to sea beyond northern Japan on Friday, leaving behind an arc of destruction that killed 13 people, left hundreds homeless and cut off power to tens of thousands, officials said.
3	Microsoft to roll out search service Microsoft Corp. plans to roll out a preview version of its new Internet search service on Thursday, according to a media report. Free!
3	Dell adds plasma TVs, printers to lineup NEW YORK _ Dell Inc. ventured deeper into consumer electronics Thursday, adding plasma televisions to its growing lineup of home-entertainment products.
0	Presidential candidates look toward crucial debate (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and his Democratic rival John Kerry scouted votes in key battleground states but were already looking ahead to their crucial televised debates starting in a week.
0	Afghan Kidnappers Set Final Deadline KABUL, 16 November 2004 - Afghan captors holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan extended a deadline yesterday for their demands to be met, blaming the US for disrupting negotiations aimed at securing the captives release.
1	Coming soon Awesome foursome, starring Vijay Singh NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 28: Local golf fans are in for a treat: For the first time ever, the sports top-ranked player will be in India.
1	Ford rallies spirits but Jaguar #39;s future still in balance FORD finally delivered some good news yesterday when it confirmed its commitment to world rallying for a further four years. While the 350 employees at the Jaguar Racing Formula One team, which 
0	Iraqi PM may receive invite to Australia Prime Minister John Howard says he would consider inviting Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister to visit Australia. Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is visiting America, where he has addressed a joint sitting of the United States Congress.
2	US Judge: Anti-Bootlegging Law Is Unconstitutional A federal judge dismissed charges against a New York record store owner on Friday who had been selling unauthorized recordings of concerts, saying a law against boot-legging was unconstitutional.
2	Korean FTA concludes, progress with India FROM today, almost 75 per cent of Singapore #39;s domestic exports to South Korea, which amount to more than \$3 billion, will enjoy immediate tariff elimination.
2	Vector lights up at AGL #39;s NGC sale TROUBLED New Zealand electricity distributor Vector has agreed to buy Australian Gas Light #39;s 66.05 per cent stake in New Zealand gas pipelines operator NGC Holdings.
3	Overcoming the piracy stigma in China SHANGHAI -- Walk into the access-controlled room full of software developers at Bleum Inc.'s headquarters here and you can't miss the slogan written in large blue and black letters that stretches across the far wall: "Protect our customer."
0	Iran delivers  #39;strategic missile #39; TEHERAN - Iran added one more missile to its military arsenal and the defence minister said on Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.
0	Bombings May Take Backseat in Indonesia Campaign  JAKARTA (Reuters) - The official campaign for Indonesia's  run-off presidential election begins on Tuesday, five days  after a deadly suicide bombing, but most voters appear unlikely  to be swayed by the event.
3	Update: Oracle signs deal to buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B Oracle has signed an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for about \$10.3 billion, the companies said this morning.
1	Varitek: Captain courageous SEATTLE -- So, Jason Varitek, we all know you are the de facto captain of the Boston Red Sox. You are the quiet leader of this team, the man who turned a season around by shoving your mitt into the face of Alex Rodriguez, and a man who's got a 15-game hitting streak in the wake of last night's 13-2 ...
2	Dollar Advances on Outlook for Federal Reserve Rate Increases The dollar rose against the yen and the euro in London on expectations the Federal Reserve will lift interest rates tomorrow and signal it plans further increases.
1	Wenger: Euro failure spells disaster for Arsenal Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has admitted failure to progress in the Champions League this season would be a financial disaster for the club.
3	Fear and Loathing in  #133; Lobsterland When lobsters flirt or fight they first signal their intention by urinating in one another's faces. Strange facts like this are published in a new book about the little-known life of these familiar crustaceans.
3	Solar System Surprise: A New View of What's Out There (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fabled tenth planet out beyond Neptune, often referred to as Planet X, hasn't \  been found despite years of searching. But astronomers involved in the hunt \  are beginning to speculate that something like Planet X will be discovered, \  along with Y and Z.
1	Suns #39; sleight of hand puts Storm #39;s Jackson off her game UNCASVILLE, Conn. - Hands on her hips, her shoulders slightly pinched forward, Seattle #39;s Lauren Jackson stood stoically in front of her bench, waiting through the seemingly interminable commercials before the start of the second half.
0	Sheikh Maktoum to serve as interim UAE president Following the death on Monday of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al Nahyan, president of the United Arab Emirates and ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Maktoum bin Rashid al Maktoum will serve as interim leader of the country that has become an international innovator 
2	JTI-Macdonald Files for Court Protection  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - Japan Tobacco's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=2914.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;2914.T&lt;/A&gt; JTI-Macdonald Corp. unit filed for court protection  from creditors on Tuesday in a fight with Quebec tax officials,  who have accused the firm of smuggling to avoid more than \$1  billion in taxes.
0	Arafat #39;s wife claims his men want him dead THE political struggle for Yasser Arafat #39;s inheritance escalated last night into a fierce contest for the dying man #39;s body, as a war of words erupted between the Palestinian leader #39;s wife and his top officials.
0	Iraqi PM Calls on Russian Companies to Take Part in Reconstruction Iraq is prepared to cooperate with Russia and to sign contracts, Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an exclusive interview with the Itar-Tass news agency on Wednesday, Dec. 8. Allawi said that on Tuesday, Dec.
1	Ravens enraged by Porter #39;s  #39;cheap #39; hit The Baltimore Ravens won #39;t soon forget the hit Pittsburgh linebacker Joey Porter leveled on injured tight end Todd Heap during the second quarter of yesterday #39;s 30-13 rout of the Steelers.
3	Cisco, Microsoft pledge security interoperability The companies plan to share security features to help customers protect their networks from worms and viruses.
0	Bosnian Government Resigns Bosnian Prime Minister Adnan Terzic has announced that he and the Bosnian government will resign. Terzic made the statement to Bosnia private television, BN TV.
2	World economy 'in good health' The head of the International Monetary Fund says the world economy is at its strongest point for five years.
1	Rooney wins Law praise Ex-Manchester United striker Denis Law believes Wayne Rooney will shatter his goalscoring records at Old Trafford. Law holds the United scoring record for a season with 46 goals and also has a club-best 18 hat-tricks.
1	Yankees' Giambi Treated for Tumor in Pituitary Gland (Reuters) Reuters - New York Yankees first baseman\Jason Giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in\his pituitary gland.
0	Charity helping teachers to teach children about tsunami in southeast Asia (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A charitable group for children is sending information kits to teachers across Canada to assist them in helping students understand the effects of tsunamis in southeast Asia that have inundated the world with haunting images of grief and destruction.
3	Torvalds, Windenius, Lerdorf Fight EU Software Patents The three most famous European authors of open-source software today issued an appeal against software patents in Europe. Linux author Linus Torvalds, MySQL author Michael Windenius and 
3	Telecom Tests Online Aromatherapy Service (AP) AP - People play games, go shopping and meet dates on the Internet. So why not use the Web to download the perfect mood-enhancing fragrance?
0	Baghdad car bomb kills 15 A suicide bomber detonated a car bomb Saturday at the entrance to Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone, killing at least 15 and wounding 30 others.
2	Slower Pub Sales Hit Whitbread Shares in Whitbread weakened 3 today after it said slower sales in its pub restaurants and upmarket hotels had offset rising demand for budget lodges.
2	DULLES, Va. The Internet company said Monday that it #39;s launching an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants.
0	Putin #39;s response Will the Beslan massacre unify - or divide - the West in the global war on terrorism? The massacre of school children by Islamic terrorists in the North Osettian town of Beslan horrified the civilized world.
0	Sudanese Cease-Fire Breaks After New Clashes Government helicopters and warplanes bombed the town of Tawila in North Darfur on Tuesday after rebel fighters attacked police stations there Monday, breaking a renewed 
0	Bush Announces Plan to Realign Thousands of Troops President Bush today announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia.
1	World-Klinsmann encouraged by brave draw with Brazil New Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann said he was encouraged by his team #39;s brave 1-1 draw with world champions Brazil in a friendly international on Wednesday.
3	Soft Demand for TFTs Affects Prices TFT LCD panel prices are expected to fall significantly for larger area 17 inch and 19 inch panels for LCD TVs, but the cost of products in the shops is still seen as a barrier to high volume consumer demand, according to ...
3	Datatec Bulks Up US Operation DATATEC #39;s international arm has announced its second acquisition in as many weeks , with a 15,7m buyout of US based Solution Technology Incorporated (STI).
1	Spain #39;s Martinez/Fernandez wins Olympic men #39;s sailing 49er gold ATHENS, Aug. 26 (Xinhuanet- Spain #39;s Iker Martinez and Xavier Fernandez won the Olympic gold medal in men #39;s sailing 49er at the Athens Olympics here on Thursday.
0	APEC Ministerial Meetings Set to Begin in Chile Ministers from 21 Asia-Pacific economies will begin meetings later Wednesday in Santiago, Chile, ahead of a summit of leaders from the region later this week.
2	Stern's Move Is a Signal Though Howard Stern's defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind.
1	Giants Shift Blame from Coach to the Players Tom Coughlin will not bear the brunt of the Giants' failure. The team is looking to the players that span two coaching staffs and two unbearable seasons.
1	Center fielder makes art of taking away home runs In a recent television commercial for Major League Baseball to promote the 2004 postseason, Twins center fielder Torii Hunter said it was a bigger thrill to take home runs away than hit them.
0	Sudanese aid workers released by Darfur rebels The Sudanese Red Crescent confirmed on Wednesday the release of a group of Sudanese aid workers kidnapped by rebels in Darfur since weekend.
2	US Urged to Use Emergency Oil Reserves OPEC #39;s president has taken the unprecedented step of urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to bring down world oil prices.
3	Cisco routers get an upgrade com September 12, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1	Glazer ups United stake again US businessman Malcolm Glazer has lifted his stake in Manchester United to 27.6 from 25.3, heightening speculation that he will bid for the world #39;s richest soccer club.
2	JPMorgan Fleming Eyes Stake in Highbridge JPMorgan Fleming Asset  amp; Wealth Management on Monday said it plans to buy a majority interest in and enter into a partnership with Highbridge Capital Management, a hedge funds manager, to bolster its presence among hedge funds and 
0	Colombia arrests paramilitaries Colombia arrests a series of right-wing paramilitaries as the peace process enters a delicate phase.
2	August shows a pickup in hiring US job growth revived last month, the government reported yesterday, as employers added 144,000 jobs to their nonfarm payrolls in August, seasonally adjusted -arely enough 
0	Potential Arafat Successor to Remain in Israeli Prison Israel has ruled out releasing jailed Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat.
1	Wengers big problem now is in deciding which keeper to field LONDON: Arsenal recovered their poise to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League with a 5-1 thrashing of Rosenborg Trondheim and now face a crucial decision before Sunday #39;s league match with leaders Chelsea.
1	Signal back at Suffolk Belmont Park's simulcast signal, absent since Sept. 15, returned to Suffolk Downs Thursday after the track's management, caught in the middle of a dispute between the Mid-Atlantic Cooperative and the New York Racing Association, signed a separate agreement with NYRA.
3	Comet Research Pioneer Whipple Dies (AP) AP - Fred L. Whipple, a pioneer in astronomy who proposed the "dirty snowball" theory for the substance of comets, has died. He was 97.
3	Cabir added to payload of Symbian mobile Trojan Virus writers have packaged the Skulls mobile Trojan with Cabir to create a more potent threat against Symbian Series 60 smart phones.
1	Davenport Ends Season Top-Ranked Player (AP) AP - Lindsay Davenport finished No. 1 in the world for the third time in the year-end WTA rankings released Tuesday.
1	Kluivert insists the best is yet to come Patrick Kluivert has sent out a chill warning to both the Barclays Premiership and Europe after launching his Newcastle career in style.
1	Ivan may delay Southern Miss-California game HATTIESBURG, Miss. - Unless Hurricane Ivan drifts drastically to the east by Tuesday morning, the Southern Miss-California football game set for Thursday night will be postponed.
3	NetApp eases storage provisioning pain Network Appliance Inc. has unveiled the next version of its operating system, DataOntap 7G, which includes two significant new features that improve provisioning and capacity utilization within its filers.
3	Here #39;s looking at you, babe! YOU have read about the alternative Internet browser that is known as Firefox. Here #39;s an easy guide to it. Nothing. Firefox is the collective product of volunteer programmers in what is known as the open-source community.
1	Rice Headed to Seahawks Wide receiver Jerry Rice officially will become a member of the Seattle Seahawks today, provided that he passes a physical and the league approves a trade agreed to late Monday night sending 
0	Sadr loyalty grows, even as Sistani returns Mahdi Army emerging as well-organized parallel government
0	Police fire tear gas on rape claim protesters SRINAGAR: Police detained a separatist leader and fired tear gas shells to scatter protesters in Kashmir yesterday, the fourth straight day of protests against the alleged rape of a young girl and her mother by an Indian soldier.
2	Earnings Miss Dents Manulife Financial  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shares of Manulife Financial Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MFC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MFC.TO&lt;/A&gt; fell on Friday, a day after Canada's biggest insurer  posted third-quarter results that fell short of expectations.
1	Hughes  #39;surprised #39; but not angry Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturday #39;s clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
2	Nikkei Surges to Highest Close in 4 Weeks  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average surged to its  highest close in four weeks on Friday as hopes for a seasonal  year-end rally and the imminent inclusion of oil and gas  developer INPEX Corp. into the TOPIX index spurred buying in a  wide range of stocks.
1	Hines expects to win title for Pro Stock Bike It wasn #39;t exactly the beginning Andrew Hines was hoping for. But the former Whittier resident still isn #39;t the least bit concerned that he can #39;t clinch the Pro Stock Bike this weekend.
1	Dominicans shock US women In an early morning match before a handful of fans, the US women's volleyball team, ranked first in the world, lost to the Dominican Republic, 26-24, 22-25, 27-25, 23-25, 19-17. The US had not lost to the Dominicans, ranked 13th, since 1999 and did not try to dress up one of the biggest upsets of the Games, a loss arguably ...
2	Elections to Move Stocks in Short Term The outcome -- or lack of it -- of Tuesday #39;s US presidential contest will move stocks in the short term, but the election effect likely will wear off quickly 
0	Backflipping into controversial art (Friday 24 September 2004) Controversy surrounding a current art exhibition (earlier reports here) being held in Berlin has deepened after an unusual stunt pulled on Wednesday by a German gymnast, said to be protesting over the dark legacy which is attached to the artworks on 
3	SGI claims supercomputing victory Although a victor won #39;t be declared for two weeks yet, Silicon Graphics has become the second computer maker to boast that its machinery is leading a competition for world #39;s fastest supercomputer.
2	Stocks Slip As Oil Jumps to Record High Stocks sagged Wednesday as oil jumped to a fresh record high on a mixed report about US crude inventories, and investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage.
2	Retailers fear more soft sales The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain Thursday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
0	New powers needed to fight terrorism, Australia's counter-terror chief says (AFP) AFP - The head of Australia's major counter-terrorism force has called for extra powers to face increasing threats and warned terrorists are using new technology to wreak havoc far outside their own countries.
3	UC rejects  #39;multiracial #39; category University of California regents yesterday resoundingly rejected a proposal that sought to add a  quot;multiracial quot; category to UC #39;s admissions application.
1	Can You Say Cursed? Despite watching the Cubs and Red Sox surge the past two months, Michael Wilbon says they're both cursed and neither is going to the World Series.
0	Europe seeks deadline for Iran to allay nuclear fears BRUSSELS : Key European governments turned up the pressure on Iran over its nuclear plans, giving Tehran a November deadline to allay concern it is secretly making atomic weapons.
3	Oracle readies integration splash (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Oracle at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco the week of Dec. 5 plans to unveil Oracle Integration, a product that combines the company #8217;s application server with several other technologies for integration and enablement of SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
1	Levi grabs early lead in Maryland Hunt Valley, MD (Sports Network) - Wayne Levi matched the course record of eight-under-par 64 on Friday to take a one stroke lead after the opening round of the Constellation Energy Classic.
1	McCain Calls for Tougher Testing Policy Senator John McCain plans to introduce legislation requiring Major League Baseball players to be tested for steroids.
0	Karzai Sworn in as Afghanistan President  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected president Tuesday,  promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation and end the  economy's dependence on narcotics.
1	Holloway's on a Mission Through three games in 2004, Brian Holloway has recorded 19 tackles, third-best on the team and with injuries in the linebacking corps, his ascension has been vital for the Terps.
2	One million join ranks of US poor An extra 1.3 million Americans slid into poverty in 2003 while health care cover also fell, official figures show.
3	Lycos screensaver tackles spam websites Striking out against spammers (sounds good already!) Lycos have developed a screensaver that should help to put the nasty blighters out of business.
2	ATA Airlines enters receivership ATA Airlines parent ATA Holdings Corp. filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy law late Tuesday, and two other airlines immediately showed interest in ATA assets.
0	Cambodians Welcome New King Home Cambodia #39;s new King Norodom Sihamoni is greeted at Phnom Penh airport Wednesday Oct 20, 2004. Norodom Sihamoni, returned home from China on Wednesday to ascend the throne vacated by his father, former King Norodom Sihanouk.
1	Italy to field young squad against Finland Leaving all his stars at home to rest for domestic league matches, Italy coach Marcello Lippi will field a squad comprising six rookies and several more inexperienced players in Wednesday #39;s friendly against Finland.
3	Slimmer tube TVs to challenge flat panels Television makers say 16-inch-thick tube sets will arrive next year at a fraction of the price of thin rivals.
1	LPGA Tour Rookie Beisiegel Ends With 79 (AP) AP - LPGA Tour rookie Isabelle Beisiegel shot her best round of the week Friday, but it wasn't enough to end her attempt to become the first woman to qualify for the men's PGA Tour.
3	could worsen, study finds WASHINGTON - The US West, already suffering from a long drought, could be in for worse if past patterns hold up, experts said in the latest issue of the journal Science.
3	Abandoning Computer Programs for Hands-On Rock In the studio, M83 relies largely on keyboards. But when M83 came to the Bowery Ballroom on Tuesday it looked more like a rock band.
3	Beckham is e-male of choice ENGLAND soccer captain David Beckham is at the centre of a fresh scandal, this time an innocent victim involving a Spanish prostitute.
2	Bush Nominates Gutierrez to Head Commerce Description: President Bush nominates Carlos Gutierrez as Commerce secretary. The CEO and chairman of Kellogg #39;s is considered one of the country #39;s most prominent Hispanic executives.
2	Bush Win Sends Oil Near \$51 a Barrel Oil prices surged more than \$1 on Wednesday as the re-election of President Bush countered the impact of a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.
2	Greenspan-Aged Population to Hit Finances (Reuters) Reuters - Rising pressure on U.S.\finances from an aging population make it vital quickly fix the\social safety net with such steps as raising the age for full\retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan\said on Friday.
0	Iraq rejects vote-delay demands BAGHDAD -- The interim Iraqi government brushed aside Sunni Muslim demands to delay the Jan. 30 election yesterday. And a spokesman for the majority Shiite Muslim community called the date  quot;non-negotiable.
2	ADV: Shrink Your Monthly Student Loan Payment Lower your monthly payment and get one easy bill with Loan to Learn #153;. Private student loans or private plus federal are accepted. Apply online for fast approval and competitive rates.
2	Ford Posts Profit But Loses Money in Cars  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in  its finance arm once again offset a loss in its automotive  business.
0	Cancer? Suicide? Politics? That's Hilarious! As much as ever, George Carlin builds his humor around the taboo  his current routine includes long riffs on cancer, natural disasters and teenage suicide and yet somehow manages to get laughs.
3	For Nextel, Merger Is Time Of Trepidation As details of the rumored merger between Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. were being finalized behind closed doors late Tuesday, Miguel Avila, who heads Nextel's Hispanic marketing, summed up the mood of employees at the company's Reston headquarters.
1	Report: Giambi Admits to Using Steroids  SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - According to a report, New  York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi claimed in his grand  jury testimony that he took a human growth hormone in 2003 and  also used steroids for at least three seasons.
1	Bullpen gets two new arms In a week that featured the breakdown of trade talks involving Randy Johnson and Jason Giambi #39;s steroid admission, trades for Felix Rodriguez and Mike Stanton sure seem trivial.
0	Female Genital Mutilation Lives on in Djibouti (Reuters) Reuters - Late one evening on a stony hill above\Djibouti's northern town of Tadjourah, an old Afar woman is\squatting comfortably on a thin mat, tiny limbs wrapped tidily\up around her.
3	Nasa tries to salvage Genesis solar dust Washington - The Genesis space probe, consigned to an ignominious end by a failed parachute, risks tarnishing Nasa #39;s image as the agency seeks to restart its space shuttle programme after the Columbia shuttle disaster.
1	Reasons to believe So, just why is it that the 2004 Red Sox are so much better equipped to silence the  quot;1918 quot; chants than their immediate predecessors? What is the reason, as Kevin Millar said last weekend, repeating a commonly held belief in the Sox clubhouse, that no one wants to play this team in October?
1	Suns Place Voskuhl On IL Phoenix, AZ -- The Phoenix Suns Friday placed Jake Voskuhl on the injured list after the center had an emergency appendectomy surgery.
0	France #39;s premier expresses doubt about demand for ransom to free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Experts on Islamic militant groups are skeptical about a Web posting demanding \$5 million in ransom for two French journalists held hostage in Iraq, France #39;s prime minister said Monday.
1	FOOTBALL: FIFA CLAIMS LIFT CAHILL HOPES EVERTON midfielder Tim Cahill could win a reprieve within the next 48 hours after a dramatic intervention from FIFA over his controversial dismissal.
1	Giddens earns US silver in kayaking Rebecca Giddens made a final charge that nearly landed her a gold medal, but in the end the American settled for silver in yesterday's kayaking single slalom.
0	Ex-premier Bouchard still being treated for peritonitis in Montreal hospital (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Ex-premier Lucien Bouchard, recently hospitalized for peritonitis, hasn't been responding to antibiotic treatment but his life is not in danger, a hospital said Wednesday.
2	Getting a Piece of a DVD Windfall The unexpected windfall from DVD sales have become the wild card in Hollywoods negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild.
0	Israel tourists flee after Sinai blasts EILAT, Israel Thousands of Israelis trudged through the Taba border post on Friday, returning home, like shocked refugees, from a Sinai bloodied by three terrorist bombings of three tourist hotels on Thursday night.
0	Bush, China's Hu discuss Taiwan, ties (AFP) AFP - Chinese President Hu Jintao on Monday had a telephone conversation with US leader George W. Bush who reiterated Washington would not change its stance on Taiwan, state media said.
0	Italy envoy aims to free 2 hostages in Iraq KUWAIT CITY -- Foreign Minister Franco Frattini of Italy appealed for a  quot;civilized dialogue quot; between religions as he stood inside Kuwait's Grand Mosque at the start of a Middle East visit he hopes will help win the release of two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq.
2	Tesco sales exceed expectations Tesco today impressed the City with a surge in third-quarter sales as it boosted market share in clothing and electrical goods. Despite a tougher environment on the high street, Britain #39;s leading retailer 
2	Manufacturing output shows sharp decline Manufacturing output has unexpectedly fallen for the third month in a row in August and at the sharpest pace in nearly two years, official data show.
1	Drugs in Sport: Break-in thickens Waterford plot A break-in at the offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland in the early hours of yesterday morning added another twist to the story of the horse Waterford Crystal, with whom Cian 
1	No. 7 Duke 88, Illinois-Chicago 55 For the second straight game, Duke overcame a slow start to win in a rout. Shelden Williams had 23 points, 14 rebounds and seven blocks Tuesday night to lift the seventh-ranked Blue Devils past Illinois-Chicago 88-55.
3	SGI supercomputer: Two records in one day The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
3	Image Flaw Exposes Users to Hacker Risk Because Internet Explorer is one of the programs vulnerable to a newly discovered Windows image flaw, it is possible that someone could fall victim to a virus written to exploit it just by visiting a Web site that uses JPEG images.
1	Greece set for Games finale Athens prepares to bid farewell to the 2004 Olympic Games at Sunday's closing ceremony.
1	MBNA America 400 results DOVER, Del. - Results Sunday from the MBNA America 400 for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup series at Dover International Speedway, listing starting position in parentheses, driver, car, laps completed with reason out if not running at the finish, and money won: 
0	UN, US condemn rebels #39; violation of cease-fire in Darfur The United Nations andthe United States on Wednesday strongly condemned the recent violation of a cease-fire by the rebels in Sudan #39;s troubled region of Darfur.
1	Armstrong may skip next Tour Lance Armstrong is unsure whether he will ride in next summer's Tour de France, saying he'd like to compete in other races. Armstrong, who won a record sixth straight Tour de France this year, said in yesterday's edition of L'Equipe that it is  quot;time to move on to other things. quot; He had been somewhat evasive about whether he would return ...
1	Martinez, Schilling set for 1-2 punch All the Red Sox wanted last night was one more chance to send out their two aces, Pedro Martinez and Curt Schilling . Even as they faced elimination against the Yankees in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series, the Sox finalized plans to go with Martinez in Game 5 today at Fenway Park and announced Schilling as their ...
1	PSG continues to struggle against St. Etienne Paris, France (Sports Network) - Paris Saint Germain suffered an embarrassing home draw to St. Etienne Sunday, 2-2. PSG is winless in four games so far this season, and has only earned draws against two promoted squads.
2	Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson has resigned  after the No. 2 U.S. office supply chain determined it needed a  new leader to boost sales and stem a slide in market share.
3	Network Appliance, EMC refine security strategies (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
2	EADS buys Racal Instruments European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co. NV, the parent of aircraft maker Airbus, Wednesday said it has agreed to acquire Racal Instruments Group for up to \$130 million.
0	Iran Says Will Bring Nuclear Standoff to a Head  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran says it is determined an  international standoff over its nuclear programe should be  brought to a head in November, confident it can rebut U.S.  accusations of a secret bomb-making agenda.
3	Parade of Hurricanes Erode Fla. Beaches (AP) AP - Many of Florida's beaches have taken on a different look after this year's parade of hurricanes finished shifting, eroding or completely relocating tons of sand. How to deal with that change will be a complicated and costly problem, coastal experts say.
1	Agassi Ousts Sargsian From U.S. Open (AP) AP - Andre Agassi tried to get this over in a hurry. He wanted a fast day at the U.S. Open, just like Roger Federer.
1	Chiefs 34, Raiders 27 OAKLAND, Calif. - Trent Green nearly played a perfect half, tender ribs and all, to lead the Chiefs to an important comeback win. Green completed 14 of 15 passes after halftime for 229 of his 340 yards and 
1	Malice at the Palace - the last thing the NBA needed for their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Take your pick of culprits in the stunning melee Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills, in a heated game between Central Division rivals: the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers.
3	Tenth of all bird species  #39;to vanish #39; One in 10 of all bird species is likely to disappear by the end of the century, according to a study published today. A further 15 per cent of birds could be on the brink 
1	Dodgers Clobber Padres 9-6 (AP) AP - Cesar Izturis homered and Adrian Beltre had three hits for the Los Angeles Dodgers, who survived a shaky start by Kazuhisa Ishii and beat San Diego 9-6 on Thursday night to take a 1 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the NL West.
1	UPDATE 1-Sri Lanka #39;s Jayasuriya foils Pakistan in final Sanath Jayasuriya took five for 17 to lead Sri Lanka to an emphatic 119-run win the triangular tournament final on Saturday and keep Pakistan waiting for their first one-day title at home.
2	PUTIN ON RUSSIAN-BELARUSSIAN COMPROMISE IN GAS PRICES Russia and Belarus achieved compromise and settled the gas pricing problem, Russian President Vladimir Putin said at a joint press conference with his Belarussian counterpart Alexander Lukashenko.
3	SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit using a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders, the software and services vendor said Monday.
0	Nasty rhetoric intensifies 50 days ahead of US presidential vote (AFP) AFP - Fifty days out from the US presidential election, the rhetoric is becoming nastier between George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry, as the US president's lead appears to be solidifying.
2	Sympathy for Pfizer The market acts like Vioxx, Bextra, and Celebrex are the same drugs. They're not.
2	Profit-taking pushes oil prices downward Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
2	Wall St. Outlook: Bull Market with Legs? (Reuters) Reuters - Stock investors next week should get\more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to\drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
3	IBM Data Reveals Rising Warranty Costs Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
2	Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit (Reuters) Reuters - Halliburton Co.  said on\Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the\business if the oil services company's stock performance keeps\lagging its peers.
1	Raptors 96 Timberwolves 90 TORONTO Chris Bosh scored a season-high 24 points and grabbed 14 rebounds to push Toronto past Minnesota 96-to-90. Bosh came within one point and one rebound of career highs.
1	Irrepressible Monty Again Flourishes in Cup Arena  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Britain's Colin  Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup  matches against the United States.
2	Oracle Won't Quit The database king extends its offer for PeopleSoft for the 10th time. Is there any profit left for investors?
2	S amp;P lowers America West outlook to negative Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Monday revised the outlook on America West Holdings Corp. (AWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) to negative from stable, citing the difficult operating environment 
0	U.S. Worries Over Election Terror Threat WASHINGTON - As the election draws nearer, U.S. officials are increasingly concerned al-Qaida terrorists will attempt to mount a devastating attack to disrupt the political process...
3	It #39;s flak jacket time for Microsoft #39;s Linux guy What kind of E-mail is landing in Martin Taylors in-box right about now? Its probably not unlike some of the messages Ive been getting in response to a story I wrote about Steve Ballmers Oct. 27 
1	Feehan thwarts Bourne's speedsters Boasting a stingy defense and excellent special teams play, Bishop Feehan captured a Division 2A Super Bowl berth yesterday and the chance to win a fourth consecutive title.
2	Under-fire Marsh cuts 3,000 jobs Marsh   McLennan, the US insurance broker being sued for alleged price fixing, is to cut 3,000 jobs as it faces an expected decline in its revenues.
2	Soybean farmers face a winter of decision US soybean farmers bringing in a record harvest face a new risk: an aggressive form of fungus that could severely damage their crops next year and beyond.
3	AMD and IBM spread the love AMD and IBM are extending a deal which has seen them co-operating on chip-making technology since 2002. The deal was due to end next year it will now run until December 2008.
2	McDonald #39;s CEO says strategy unchanged McDonald #39;s (MCD) newly appointed Chief Executive Jim Skinner said Friday that there would be no change in strategy at the fast-food chain and a recent physical showed he is in good health.
3	Apple zealots slam Real #39;s iPod campaign RealNetworks has stepped up its music  #39;war #39; on Apple Computer--with results it clearly didn #39;t expect. 
2	Merck KGaA, Biomira Shares Gain on Cancer Study (Update1) Shares of Biomira Inc., a Canadian drug developer, jumped 94 percent and Merck KGaA, Germany #39;s fourth-largest drugmaker, rose as much as 6.4 percent after the companies said data from 
1	Florida Peach Bowl bound Florida, which ended the regular season with an upset of Florida State, on Wednesday accepted a bid to the Peach Bowl. The Gators (7-4) will be making their 14th straight bowl appearance, extending a school record.
0	Manny #39;s chance at life with two dads CAUGHT at the centre of a tug-of-love, Manny Musu could have a future with two dads, her Australian father said yesterday. Sydney policeman Dave Norman has been trying 
0	Jamaica Braces for Hurricane Ivan Description: NPR #39;s Michele Norris talks with Knolly Moses, a Jamaican freelance journalist, about Hurricane Ivan. The storm is expected to hit Jamaica in full force late this afternoon, and the capital of Kingston lies directly in Ivan #39;s path.
1	Willingham Lands in Washington  SEATTLE (Sports Network) - Tyrone Willingham was not  unemployed for very long, as he was named the new head coach at  the University of Washington on Monday just two weeks after  being fired at Notre Dame.
2	Telecom Making a Comeback? It seems that every time I write about the telecommunications industry, my thoughts slip back to my proud days at the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Group.
0	Report: U.S.  Missiles Downed Navy Jet Operators mistakenly took a Navy pilot's F/A-18 Hornet for an incoming Iraqi missile during the spring 2003 invasion of Iraq, the U.S. Central Command said Friday.
2	Chico #39;s 3Q Profit Surges; Shares Climb Women #39;s clothing retailer Chico #39;s FAS Inc. on Tuesday posted a 39 percent jump in third-quarter profit, helped by sharply higher sales and improved margins.
2	Arrogant, or Desperate? A Netflix policy has Bill Mann wondering -- is it because the company needs to, or it just can?
0	Ukrainian cops search homes of opposition activists in runup to election (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KYIV, Ukraine (AP) - Ukrainian police and state security agents searched the apartments of two opposition activists Friday, just over a week before the country's hotly contested presidential election, a news report and an opposition group said.
1	Australia begin quest to conquer  #39;final frontier #39; India and Australia go into Wednes-day #39;s first Test here without their first-choice teams amid growing concern about both the incle-ment weather and how the wicket will play.
0	British hostage pleads for his life as US officials rule out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A British hostage appeared on a video posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as Iraq #39;s leader and US 
1	Texas A amp;M Aggies COLLEGE STATION, Texas (Ticker) -- In the end, the Texas A amp;M defense was able to withstand the top-ranked passing attack of Texas Tech.
0	Edwards Caps Intense Push in Iowa (AP) AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration on Sunday of being captured by drug and insurance interests at the expense of working families.
3	BT offers free net phone calls As an incentive to buy broadband from BT, the telco is offering free calls via the internet.
3	Apple, eBay, Intel make waves; what is a nanometer? (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
0	Children slaughtered Bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as US troops handed out candy Thursday. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the war.
1	Golf: Singh shows Tiger who #39;s Number One Fiji #39;s Vijay Singh replaced Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No.1 ranked golfer today by winning the PGA Deutsche Bank Championship.
1	Inside The Lockerroom  quot;I don #39;t know what to say. You have to give Ohio State a lot of credit. They #39;re a good football team. I #39;m proud of them (the players); they fought back to give us an opportunity to win but we didn #39;t get it done at the end.
1	THIS WEEKS COLTS OPPONENT Colts.com. Synopsis: The Colts, in their first game of the season, will play the team they faced in their last game last season: the New England Patriots.
3	Enter your e-mail: On the heels of Mozilla #39;s release of Firefox last week, I #39;ve been looking at some tools that you might consider if you #39;re looking for an alternative to Internet Explorer.
2	Crude oil prices  #39;will keep falling #39; THE president of Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, called an end to the season of high crude oil prices by stating that stocks had returned to normal levels.
3	IDC: External disk storage up Worldwide sales hit a new multibillion high; EMC passes Hewlett-Packard for first place.
2	Saks to close Carmel store, ten others The Saks Fifth Avenue store in the Carmel Plaza in Carmel is being closed as the upscale fashion retailer adjusts its portfolio. It #39;s one of eight Saks stores and three Off 5th stores being shut down by Saks 
0	China blast traps miners in toxic shafts A gas explosion that tore through a coal mine in central China trapped 166 workers in underground shafts filled with noxious smoke in the latest and apparently the deadliest of a 
3	Jupiter drifted towards sun in its youth Jupiter, the king of planets in the solar system, drifted tens of millions of kilometres towards the sun in its youth, a new study suggests.
2	Stocks Open Up After Poor Jobs Report Stocks bobbed higher at Monday #39;s open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
0	Latham calls on PM to admit to WMD mistake Federal Labor leader Mark Latham says the Prime Minister needs to face up to the reality that there were no stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
2	Oil at 5-Week Low as Supply Fears Ease Oil slid to a five-week low on Friday, continuing a fund-led selling spree that has knocked 12 percent from last week #39;s record highs as rising stockpiles have eased worries of a winter supply crunch.
3	Apple Releases Mac OS X Updates Apple Computer has released Mac OS X 10.3.6, an upgrade that offers improvements in several areas of the operating system. The improvements include added compatibility with FireWire audio and USB devices; updates 
0	Kerry Will Begin Ad Blitz in Seven States (AP) AP - John Kerry will begin his post-Labor Day advertising blitz in seven states from New Hampshire to New Mexico, his political Ground Zero for a  #36;50 million campaign scheduled to expand into another 13 states by Nov. 2.
1	Young Finn sweeps defending champ in final SAINT-DENIS, France -- Heikki Kovalainen of Finland beat world rally champion Sebastien Loeb of France to win the Race of Champions on Saturday.
3	Ancient Star Dust May Point to Human Origins-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Star dust found deep beneath the\Pacific Ocean has led German scientists to speculate that a\supernova explosion 3 million years ago might possibly have\helped bring about human evolution.
0	Al-Sadr is sent  #39;final call #39; BAGHDAD, Iraq - Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi issued a  quot;final call quot; yesterday for Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to agree to a new set of conditions issued by the government and end his rebellion. 
3	DSL Leads the Broadband Boom High-speed Internet access is becoming more and more popular, study shows.
3	Average techie starting salaries to remain stable IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
1	Sour Grapes as Another U.S. Boxer Bites the Dust  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. boxing team sucked on sour  grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in  the Olympic boxing tournament Friday.
2	UPDATE 2-US pension agency chief warns of solvency risk The longer-term solvency of the US agency that insures pensions is at risk, threatened by troubled airlines and other companies failing to fund their retirement plans, the agency #39;s director said on Thursday.
1	Sorenstam leads Mizuno Classic OTSU - World No. 1 Annika Sorenstam kick-started her bid for a fourth straight Mizuno Classic title by tying the course record with a 9-under-par 63 to move into the lead after the first round of the \$1 million event in Shiga Prefecture.
2	FDA TO CONDUCT IN-DEPTH ANALYSIS OF ITS DRUG SAFETY PROCEDURES The Food and Drug Administration announced Friday its intentions to conduct a major evaluation of its approach in dealing with safety concerns involving drugs, primarily those that are already marketed.
2	Unemployment Drops to 5.4 Percent (AP) AP - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate marginally to 5.4 percent. While the figures didn't amount to a national job fair, analysts said, they did hold out the promise of stronger growth following the summer lull.
1	Huskies sink UCF on final-play kick A week after bottoming out at Buffalo, the University of Central Florida looked like a different team against Northern Illinois on Saturday night.
0	Navy docks sub fleet A military probe #39;s secret findings on the fire that crippled HMCS Chicoutimi has propelled the navy to dock its four second-hand submarines indefinitely.
1	Terps Come Out 'Flat' The Terps have lost games this season because of offensive futility, turnovers or a late-game controversial call, but never in a passionless fashion, as Ralph Friedgen categorized Saturday's game.
3	Closing the gaps in open source When it comes to open-source issues, companies need a single throat to choke if something goes wrong, said Brad Silverberg of Ignition Partners, a venture capital firm based in Bellevue , Washington .
1	Crawford Is Golden Amid a Chorus of Boos  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Shawn Crawford won the Athens  Games 200 meters final Thursday in a race delayed five minutes  by chanting and booing from hostile sections of the crowd at  the Olympic stadium.
0	Blair confident of Iraq victory Tony Blair says Iraq is the "crucible in which the future of global terrorism will be determined".
3	U.N. to Allow Caviar Exports, but Quota Is Cut The wildlife protection arm of the United Nations announced Friday that it would allow Caspian Sea countries to export caviar, though at lower levels than in 2003.
1	Champions League: Arsenal reaches last 16 with 5-1 victory Arsenal qualified for the last 16 of the Champions League with a 5-1 beating of Rosenborg on Tuesday. Support your favorite team with official Champions League gear from the FOX Soccer Shop!
1	Celtic leave Hearts broken CELTIC enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win at home to Hearts overnight as the visitors paid a heavy price for trying to frustrate the Scottish Premier League leaders.
2	First US flight in 30 years is good morning for Vietnam THE first commercial flight between the United States and Vietnam since their war 30 years ago landed yesterday to open a new chapter of cultural and economic exchange between the former foes.
0	US troops, insurgents fight around Iraqi rebel city of Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq : US troops and insurgents battled on the edge of rebel-held Fallujah and nine policemen were killed in an ambush, as UN chief Kofi Annan said he did not think the invasion of Iraq had made the world a safer place.
1	Judge in Bryant Case Loosens Gag Order (AP) AP - The judge in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case has loosened a sweeping gag order after objections from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys for the accuser.
3	Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk, Study Says  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Ten or more years of mobile phone use  increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign  tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on  Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute.
2	Economy-Stock Market Link Can Be Confusing (AP) AP - The link between the stock market and the economy sometimes can sound like the chicken and the egg scenario  #151; Which comes first?
1	Dahle takes Olympic gold in mountain bike Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Gunn-Rita Dahle of Norway captured the gold medal on Friday in the women #39;s mountain bike competition at the Summer Olympics in Athens.
2	Brussels unveils plan to free-up market for car parts Plans to strip car makers of their exclusive right to sell spare parts such as bumpers, bonnets and headlights were outlined yesterday, as part of a drive to open up a 10bn market across Europe.
3	Urging Fact-Checking,  Cheney Got Site Wrong Vice President Cheney dropped a dot-bomb Tuesday night when he inadvertently directed millions of viewers of the vice presidential debate to an Internet site critical of the Bush administration.
2	Good disguise, eh? A US company is helping politically wary American travellers pose as peace-loving Canucks. For \$25 US, the T-Shirt King.Com provides a package with enough red-and-white gear for vacationers to pass themselves off as Canadians abroad.
3	Typhoon Aere Menaces Taiwan, Markets Close (Reuters) Reuters - Strong winds and heavy rain from Typhoon\Aere pounded Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air and sea traffic\and forcing financial markets, schools and businesses in Taipei\and nearby counties to close.
1	Crew Streaks Past D.C. Columbus extends its unbeaten streak to a single-season league record 14 games at the expense of United, as the Crew get a 1-0 shutout Saturday night.
0	Brunei Parliament Reopens, But No Talk of Election The monarch of oil-rich Brunei reopened the tiny country #39;s parliament for the first time in 20 years on Saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away.
0	Interim Haitian leader says he needs more troops, cash, ponders &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Haiti #39;s interim leader castigated the world Saturday, saying it has sent too few troops to prevent the kind of violence that killed at least 55 people in two weeks and then used the insecurity as an excuse that is delaying 
0	New Cambodia king is crowned PHNOM PENH: In a ceremony full of pageantry and hope, KING NORODOM SIHAMONI ascended the Cambodian throne yesterday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.
3	The Record Labels Attack Kazaa  In Australia, That Is The seemingly endless battle over mp3s and filesharing wages on as the largest copyright infringement case in Australian history began yesterday (November 29) in Sydney.
1	After  #39;Battle of the Buffet #39;, rivals ready for second helpings SIR ALEX FERGUSON ventured yesterday that Chelsea are suddenly the big concern for his Manchester United team, but there is nothing like a confrontation with Arsenal to set his pulse racing.
1	Tech Stings Bulldogs Stephanie Higgs scores 16 points to lead Georgia Tech to a 55-49 upset of No. 6 Georgia, which shot just 29 percent Friday night in Atlanta and lost for the second time in a week.
3	HP signs five-year, \$500M IT services deal with German bank As part of the deal with German financial services provider WestLB AG, about 450 bank workers will move to HP.
0	US fires on Sadr City The attacks came after gunfire on an American patrol. Meanwhile, four GIs were charged with murder in the death last year of an Iraqi general.
3	Intel to Delay Product for High-Definition TVs  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - In the latest of a series of  product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video  display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year  end, putting off a showdown with Texas Instruments Inc. in the  fast-growing market for high-definition television displays.
3	News: UK police arrest Cisco source code suspect UK police have arrested a man on suspicion of stealing source code from networking giant Cisco. The 20 year-old was arrested following Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit raids in Manchester and Derbyshire on 3 September.\
0	Second Bomb Threat Plane Lands Safely A bomb-threatened Olympic Airways plane landed safely at Shannon airport today after being diverted to Ireland following a warning telephoned to an Athens newspaper.
2	Govt hikes FDI cap in aviation to 49 The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) today approved the proposal to hike foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in civil aviation sector from 40 to 49 per cent but barred foreign airlines from holding stakes.
3	SAP to increase focus on business intelligence  SAP plans to expand its focus on business intelligence (BI) software over the next year.
1	Palmer passes Bengals to win over Redskins LANDOVER, Md. -- By the time Joe Gibbs finally lost his patience with Mark Brunell, Carson Palmer and the Cincinnati Bengals were already in control of the game.
3	Shareholders Let Bonuses Stand Computer Associates International #39;s shareholders defeated a proposal yesterday that could have forced senior executives to give back performance-based bonuses.
3	Microsoft to show off team-development tools Ultimately, the package will compete with collaborative-development tools from IBM's Rational unit.
0	Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Baghdad (AP) AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in Baghdad, the U.S. command said Monday.
0	Italy seeks Libya migrant curbs Italy is urging Libya to tackle the swelling flow of illegal migrants as hundreds more land on Italian shores. 
0	Baghdad Rally for Kidnapped Margaret Hassan About 200 colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, who went missing a week ago today, gathered at a rally in Baghdad to demand her release.
0	Howard stands by overboard account PRIME Minister John Howard yesterday said his personal staff witnessed and backed his version of a sensitive phone call with former ministerial adviser Mike Scrafton over the children overboard affair. 
0	Kerry's Wife Treated, Released from Iowa Hospital (Reuters) Reuters - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of\Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry, was taken to\hospital in Iowa on Saturday complaining of an upset stomach\and was released after routine tests, a spokeswoman said.
2	Tomkins in focus in quiet start to London trading An agreed bid for aiports operator TBI was the most notable feature for investors in a flat open to trading in London on Wednesday.
3	Allchin on Longhorn: We #39;ve Had to Make Some Hard Trade-offs Jim Allchin, Microsoft group vice president for platforms, discussed Microsoft #39;s recent decisions on Windows  quot;Longhorn quot; development in a recorded message for Microsoft #39;s Channel 9 that was 
0	Ethnic Clashes Are Confirmed by Beijing; Toll Is Unclear Riots in the central Chinese province of Henan resulted in seven deaths and 42 injuries and were quelled after authorities imposed martial law, the New China News Agency said 
3	Lexmark recalling printers A recall of 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold by Lexmark, IBM and Dell Inc. is due to a potential electrical shock hazard, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said yesterday.
1	Ladydogs Upend #20 Louisana Tech 72-55 The last time Louisiana Tech visited Starkville, in 1999, they left with an upset defeat at the hands of Mississippi State. Five Novembers later, the Lady Techsters returned to Humphrey Coliseum...and the Lady Bulldogs ready to do it again.
1	Bobcats activate two from injured list Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Charlotte Bobcats Monday activated guard Keith Bogans and forward/center Jamal Sampson from the injured list.
2	DirecTV to write-off Net-via-satellite effort This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
3	Apple recalls 28,00 PowerBook batteries due to fire hazard Apple is recalling 28,000 PowerBook batteries after it was discovered that the batteries could overheat, posing a fire hazard. 
1	Van Basten restoring harmony to Holland What can be done about Greece? Marco van Basten, Holland #39;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from what to do about Finland tonight to how international 
3	Mars rovers get new lease on life The Mars rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, received another 6 months of funding from NASA. The two rovers were originally designed to complete a primary mission of three months, but have continued to operate for 5 additional months.
0	Clerics Said to Reach Najaf Peace Deal Description: Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric, Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, is reportedly successful in reaching a peace to end three weeks of violence between allied US and Iraqi government troops and militiamen loyal to cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.
0	La Scala Is the Star at Its Own Reopening The choice of Antonio Salieri's long-forgotten opera "Europa Riconosciuta" seemed just right when La Scala reopened on Tuesday night after nearly three years of renovation.
1	Repeat bears watching The Patriots know firsthand how hard it is to repeat. They have studied why they finished 9-7 and out of the playoffs in 2002 after winning their first Super Bowl.
1	Improving Real will qualify from tight group, says coach Real Madrid believe they will qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League after recording their second win in a row with an edgy 1-0 victory over Dynamo Kiev.
2	Record Deficit for a Crucial Trade Figure The United States hit a record deficit of \$166.2 billion last quarter in trade and capital flows with the rest of the world.
0	Katmandu under curfew for 3rd day A shoot-on-sight curfew imposed to prevent riots and violent protests over the killing of 12 Nepalese workers in Iraq entered its third day yesterday, while officials said they were trying to recover the bodies of the slain hostages.
0	Rogge hits out at 2012 bid rivals IOC president Jacques Rogge says the five cities bidding to host the 2012 OIympics must stop 'bickering'.
2	Kerr McGee Posts a Drop in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil and gas producer Kerr-McGee Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KMG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit,  citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher  environmental charges.
1	Gerrard strikes mighty blow Steven Gerrard #39;s glorious strike against Olympiakos on Wednesday night was so good that Sven-Goran Eriksson watched countless reruns of it in his Soho Square office yesterday.
0	Pro-hunt demo at Hain's home A demonstration by pro-hunt campaigners is being held outside Peter Hain's home in south Wales.
2	Backed Into a Currency Corner? Don #39;t Overreact down - against other major currencies. The tumble has helped the portfolios of some fortunate Americans by bolstering the returns of their foreign stocks and bonds.
1	Trojans Can Almost Smell the Oranges The result left top-ranked U.S.C. one victory from a perfect season and a berth in the B.C.S. title game.
2	Dell Adapters a Flaming Hit The computer company recalls nearly a 1 million power adapters that could start fires. Also: Microsoft continues pursuit towards the computer television   hellip;. Nextel   rsquo;s phone is a mapquest in your hand   hellip;. and more.
3	NASA Forced To Delay Shuttle Launch The launch of the first Space Shuttle since the Columbia disaster has been delayed because of the impact of hurricane damage and the implementation of new safety measures.
1	Team owners relent; strike averted NAGOYA-A second weekend baseball strike was averted Thursday after team owners conceded to players #39; demands and ended the often-nasty labor dispute.
2	Cash America Sells 2 European Units Cash America International Inc., the world #39;s largest pawnshop operator, reported Wednesday that it sold the company #39;s two European units in a single transaction and agreed to purchase a 41-store pawnshop chain based in Las Vegas.
2	Prosecutors probe alleged accounting fraud by Hynix Semiconductor SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors said that Hynix Semiconductor is being investigated in connection with an alleged accounting fraud involving 1.7 billion dollars.
1	With Curt limping, swagger disappears BOSTON -- Curt was the subject on everyone #39;s lips, Curse was the subject on everyone #39;s mind. Two games into their showdown with the hated Yankees, the poor, bedeviled and favored Red Sox have suffered no less 
3	Russia to Build Space Launch Pad in South Korea Moscow and Seoul have signed a deal to build a rocket-launch facility in South Korea. It will be built by the end of 2007 in Goheung, South Jeolla province, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper writes.
2	Novartis Transplant Drug Certican Delayed by FDA (Update1) Novartis AG, Switzerland #39;s largest drugmaker, said the US Food and Drug Administration has delayed approval of its Certican transplant treatment and is seeking more information on safe and effective dosing.
3	Why women bosses live life on edge Sometimes it #39;s hard to be a woman: break through the glass ceiling, and you find yourself on the edge of a glass cliff. Alex Haslam, a social psychologist at Exeter University, told the British Association 
1	Mercy! Longest night at Fenway BOSTON - They have outpitched them, outhit them, beaten them early and run away from them late. Saturday night, the New York Yankees went after Boston with the truncheon.
0	Couple Pleads Guilty to Smuggling Aliens A couple pleaded guilty Friday to charges of smuggling dozens of illegal immigrants from Peru and forcing them into "virtual servitude" to pay for their passage.
1	UF Killer Instinct Missing The talk around Gainesville this season hasn #39;t been bubble screens or other short passes. The concern around Gator Nation has been the lack of a killer instinct by the Gators.
0	Lack of hostage news  #39;encouraging #39; IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
3	Spreading Like WildFirefox Ten days after the open-source Web browser Firefox 1.0 was officially launched (November 9), it had already hit the 2 million download mark.
0	Iraq vote date maintained despite deadly violence BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraq #39;s landmark January polls looked set to take place as planned although the violence that prompted delay calls remained rife, as an anti-rebel sweep south of Baghdad claimed its first victims and five US troops died in western Iraq.
3	Firefox browser takes on Microsoft Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.
2	Dollar Shoots Up Vs Yen on Weak Japan GDP  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shot up against the yen on  Friday following a surprisingly weak figure for Japanese  revised gross domestic product in the second quarter that  raised concerns Japan's economy may be slowing.
2	Oil Finishes Week Below \$50 Per Barrel Crude futures prices fell slightly on Friday, capping off a 5 percent decline from a week ago, as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising oil supplies.
0	Flu Vaccine Is Found Tainted in Factory SAN FRANCISCO - The nation's supply of vaccine for the impending flu season took a big hit Thursday when Chiron Corp. announced it had found tainted doses in its factory...
2	PG amp;E ready to pay More than three years after PG amp;E Corp. stopped paying dividends during California #39;s electricity crisis, company executives said Friday that they plan to give stockholders quarterly payments of 30 cents per share next spring.
3	Ashcroft Heralds Success in Net Crime Crackdown  quot;America #39;s justice community is dedicated to stopping economic crimes before they spread through the online community, quot; Attorney General John Ashcroft said as he announced the results of  quot;Operation Web Snare quot; at a Washington news conference.
1	For Yanks, sweeping beauty A division winner faced a division leader when the Twins played a doubleheader Wednesday in Yankee Stadium. However, it wasn #39;t exactly a playoff preview.
1	Boje bounces out of tour to India South Africa: South African vice captain Nicky Boje has withdrawn from the national cricket squad #39;s tour to India after failing to get assurance by Delhi police that he would not be arrested for match-fixing, the team #39;s spokesman said Wednesday.
0	Conference on Iraq to back the government #39;s war on insurgents World leaders gathered in Egypt for an international conference on Iraq focused on another Mideast issue early Tuesday the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians.
2	Lawyer introduces harassment scheme in Ovitz case In the trial of former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz, the plaintiff #39;s lawyer accused the company #39;s former official of leaking rumors to the press accusing NBC West Coast chief Don Ohlmeyer of sexually 
0	W: Kerry an in-fidel Presient Bush swept through battleground state Florida yesterday as his campaign launched an attack ad linking John Kerry to Fidel Castro.
2	Wal-Mart sales stoke recovery fears Worries about the sustainability of the US economic recovery were stoked om Sunday after the stores group Wal-Mart, seen as a bellwether for the country #39;s 
3	Opening an Age of Adventure? It has been more than three decades since that era of Hair-raising silliness has passed. The tie-dyes to die for (if they don #39;t kill you on first glance) have been exiled to episodes of 
0	Schwarzenegger Says Pro-Bush Speech Irked His Wife (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Monday that his speech backing President\Bush at the Republican Convention in August resulted in a cold\shoulder from his wife, Maria Shriver, a member of the famously\Democratic Kennedy family.
2	BoA Profit Up 29 Percent on Lending Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
2	For Airlines, It #39;s Still 9/11 NEW YORK - Though America just celebrated the third anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and most of the economy has more or less recovered, the announcement by US Airways Group that it is 
1	Local developer buys stake in Canucks: reports CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks will announce Wednesday that local businessman Francesco Aquilini is buying half of the team, according to newspaper reports.
0	Fight for Fallujah continues CAMP FALLUJAH, Iraq After the deadliest day for US forces in Iraq in more than a month -- commanders are making it clear that the work in Fallujah (fuh-LOO #39;-juh) isn #39;t yet coming to an end.
2	OSI stock falters on Tarceva sales concerns Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. fell sharply Friday on concerns about the newly approved drug #39;s ability to meet sales targets.
2	PDL Rakes It In A robust revenue stream combined with an exciting drug pipeline is the recipe for success.
0	Myanmar to Release More Prisoners Myanmar #39;s ruling military junta announced Saturday that more than 5,000 prisoners have had their sentences suspended and will be freed from various prisons around the 
2	Stocks Set to Open Flat to a Bit Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks appeared set to open  nearly unchanged to slightly higher on Thursday after a sharp  fall in the previous session, with oil prices easing.
2	ConocoPhillips Profit Up on Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3 U.S.  oil company, on Wednesday reported a 53 percent jump in  quarterly profit, as soaring oil and gas prices offset the  impact of lower production volumes.
0	Anti-APEC protesters unite POLICE fought street battles today for a second straight day with university students protesting the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.
1	5 NBA Players and 7 Fans Are Charged in Brawl The prosecutor in Oakland County, Mich., today filed criminal charges against five Indiana Pacers and five fans for their parts in a brawl last month in a game against the Detroit Pistons.
2	UAL pension trustee seeks \$994 million United Airlines must pay \$994 million in skipped contributions to employee pension plans and in benefits accrued by the plans, said the company appointed to protect worker interests in the retirement funds.
2	Witness: Ovitz Wanted Signing Bonus as Disney President Michael Ovitz initially wanted a signing bonus of \$50 million to join Walt Disney Co. as its president in 1995, a compensation expert who advised Disney during negotiations with Ovitz testified Tuesday.
1	Smith to Start at Quarterback for Ohio St. (AP) AP - With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana.
3	Microsoft #39;s Ballmer tells customers to stick with Windows Steve Ballmer, Microsoft #39;s CEO has emailed management and IT professionals in a fierce defence of Windows against Linux and Unix in the Enterprise.
1	UPDATE 1-Kumble rocks SAfrica as Hall reaches 57 not out Leg spinner Anil Kumble struck twice in successive balls to leave South Africa faltering on 154 for four at tea on the opening day of the first test against India on Saturday.
2	Treasury Chief Rejects Idea of Trying to Stem Dollar #39;s Fall The dollar fell to a record against the euro and dropped against the yen yesterday as Treasury Secretary John W. Snow signaled that he would not back any agreement to stem the currency #39;s slide.
1	Randall Wins ACC Honor Bryan Randall, who led a team picked sixth in the preseason to the title,is named The Associated Press ACC player of the year.
2	Credit Tete-a-Tete Two credit junkies talk about couples and credit, the real FICO, and conspiracies.
1	Opener is sweet for  #39;Zo Alonzo Mourning doesn #39;t know if he #39;ll cry. But you can bet he #39;ll scowl and shoot menacing glares at just about anyone and everyone tonight when he continues his comeback from a kidney transplant.
1	Critical Keegan charged by the FA LONDON, England -- Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association with verbally abusing referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s 4-3 defeat at Newcastle.
3	Philly Broadband Clash Pits City Against Telcos (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia officials have laid the\groundwork to provide wireless, high-speed Internet access\anywhere in the city, but their plan could be scotched under a\state bill that could be signed into law on Tuesday.
2	Greenspan says better banking rules benefit economy Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that better management of banking risk and new rules on capital hold the promise of a stronger banking system contributing more to economic growth.
2	IMF May Lend Kenya \$35 Million The International Monetary Fund may release to Kenya a \$35 million loan in December after the country reins in spending on salaries and sets up an anti-corruption commission, a fund official said Friday.
0	Australia #39;s Howard Uses Specter of Higher Rates to Sway Voters Australian Prime Minister John Howard used the specter of higher interest rates under a Labor government to try to convince voters to give his Liberal-National coalition a fourth term 
3	California Curbs Cruise Ship Pollution Near Shore (Reuters) Reuters - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed\legislation on Thursday that would ban cruise ships from\incinerating trash or dumping used shower and sink water within\three miles of the California coast.
3	Stumbling over SP2 CNET News.com's Mike Ricciuti says Microsoft has no choice but to get the Windows XP update on solid footing--and soon.
3	Report: Mobile Phone Sales Up; Nokia Gains Market Share (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Mobile phone sales were up 26 percent in the third quarter, with Nokia (NYSE: NOK) solidifying its position as the leading manufacturer, while Samsung leapfrogged past Motorola (NYSE: MOT) for second in the global rankings.
3	BT switches its call centre network to VoIP BT plans to migrate its UK call centres to a new VoIP (voice over Internet Protocol) system over the next two years, allowing around 9,700 call centre agents on 124 sites to work as one team in a single, virtual, customer contact centre.
2	A Wedding That Won't Leave You Broke If you're planning a spring or summer wedding, you're probably sweating the details now.
3	'Half-Life 2' Release Set for November After Delay  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal Games said on  Tuesday it plans to ship "Half-Life 2" to retailers in  November, bringing to market the eagerly anticipated PC game  that has been plagued by missed launch dates and a hacker  attack on its development company.
1	Austria #39;s Walchhofer wins men #39;s World Cup super-G VAL GARDENA, Italy (AFP) - Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer won the men #39;s World Cup super-G ahead of countrymen Hermann Maier and Benjamin Raich for his first victory in the discipline.
1	Former Twins Scout Angelo Giuliani Dies (AP) AP - Angelo Giuliani, who was behind the plate for Joe DiMaggio's first at-bat in the majors and went on to sign Kent Hrbek as a Minnesota Twins scout, died at 91.
0	UN remembers Iraq staff, a year after bombing GENEVA: Tears flowed as the United Nations marked the first anniversary yesterday of the bombing that shattered its Baghdad headquarters. 
1	Miandad #39;s sniping runs true to form IT was a given that someone of influence within Pakistan cricket would seek to destabilise their national team before a ball was bowled in the Test series with Australia.
2	Clear Channel Is Expanding in Spanish Radio Clear Channel Communications said it would convert up to 25 of its stations to Spanish-language formats as it pursues advertising dollars aimed at Hispanic listeners.
3	Antivirus Subscription Prices Climb Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite. Troublesome Trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--sometimes it may seem like the Internet exists just to let the bad guys attack your PC.
1	Palace Holds Arsenal, Chelsea Goes Two Points Clear Chelsea went two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace Saturday.
0	Yusuf Islam: Back to Music British musician and peace activist formerly known as Cat Stevens, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam after conversion to Islam, has signaled a comeback.
3	Fun With Web services! Forget those pesky business functions. To learn how Web services work and what you can do with them, check out these useful utilities that tell you who uttered that famous Shakespeare line, for example, or even convert Sao Tome dobras to Malawi kwacha.
3	 #39;Murder game #39; is making a killing A CONTROVERSIAL video game developed by a city company and described by critics as a  quot;murder simulator quot; has become the fastest selling title ever to hit the shelves in the UK.
0	Three Iraqi National Guards Killed in New Attacks  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb killed three Iraqi National  Guards in Mosul and rebels mortared a police academy in Baghdad  Monday, underscoring a warning by Secretary of State Colin  Powell that Iraq's insurgency was worsening.
3	Stem Cell Molecules Repair Genetic Damage Researchers report that embryonic stem cells sent molecular signals that repaired fatal genetic damage to heart cells in laboratory mice.
1	Ponting ruled out of second Test as well SYDNEY, Sep 30: Australian skipper Ricky Ponting was also ruled out of the second Test against India, Cricket Australia said Thursday after receiving medical advice on his injured thumb.
2	Marine City priest leaves foundation \$575,000 bequest Following a lifetime of helping people through his church work, a \$575,000 gift from the Rev. Donald Bartone will help renew that dedication nearly two years after his death.
1	Will Colts defense ever catch up? KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- It has come to this: Peyton Manning #39;s offense is now playing against two defenses every week. The other team #39;s defense, and its own -- the latter group being the tougher challenge.
1	Crimson find the range PRINCETON, N.J. -- You've got to wonder what kind of team Harvard would be if the Crimson got into the flow of their games earlier.
2	D #39;Works Ani paints IPO plan that could draw up to \$725 mil DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on Tuesday set its planned initial public offering at 29 million shares that could raise up to \$725 million, announcing the terms after its new film  quot;Shark Tale quot; snagged the No.
1	Redskins Cut Strong Safety Ohalete (AP) AP - Strong safety Ifeanyi Ohalete was cut by the Washington Redskins on Tuesday after starting 15 games for the team last season.
1	Lehmann admits surprise at Arsenal axe Jens Lehmann is surprised to be considered only second choice goalkeeper at Arsenal Football Club. The German has lost his place in the Gunners line-up to Spaniard Manuel Almunia, following a string of errors between the posts.
0	India offers unqualified talks on Kashmir SRINAGAR, India -- India's prime minister offered yesterday to hold unconditional talks on Kashmir ''with anyone and everyone quot; as his country began withdrawing troops from the divided Himalayan region as a goodwill gesture to rival Pakistan.
1	Weis Finds New Home With Notre Dame While hes spent the past several seasons in New England winning two Superbowl championships and looks poised to a third, Weis may have hoped that success would have lead to an NFL head coaching job.
1	Americans to take on Spaniards in Davis Cup finale in December Let #39;s start by dispensing praise to both the US and Spanish Davis Cup teams that will play for the chalice the first week of December.
0	Baghdad slum alive with bombs BAGHDAD - Iraqi Shiite militiamen were planting bombs in the street of a Baghdad slum amid echoing machine gun fire yesterday, as angry foot soldiers of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr cursed the Iraqi government and US  quot;occupiers quot; after deadly fighting 
0	Israel takes U-turn on road map Gaza withdrawal is part of Israel's effort to thwart Palestinian statehood, a Sharon adviser says.
0	In Shift, Putin Says He Will Back Whomever Ukraine Elects Only days after mocking a call for a new presidential runoff vote, President Vladimir V. Putin said today that he would work with whoever is elected by the people of Ukraine to lead the country, a Russian news agency reported.
0	We Need More Babies! The Continent's plummeting fertility rate is a time bomb, threatening economic growth and social welfare. But what can governments do about it? How states are trying to get people to have more kids
0	In Chile, pace of justice quickens By Danna Harman  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor. First a Chilean court stripped immunity from leaders of the country #39;s 17-year  quot;dirty war quot; last month.
1	NBA Jazz activate Spanish guard Lopez (AFP) AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the National Basketball Association club.
1	Jazz to Retire Stockton's Number  SALT LAKE CITY, (Sports Network) - The Jazz announced  Tuesday that the club will retire John Stockton's No. 12 on  November 22, 2004, when Utah hosts the New Orleans Hornets.
3	Intermec suspends radio-tag patent claims Intermec, the Everett company that makes radio-frequency sensor devices, said yesterday it agreed to temporarily suspend its claims for intellectual-property licenses as part of a new standard.
2	First Criminal Trial on Enron to Begin Today As the first criminal trial stemming from the financial deals at Enron opens, it will be notable as much for who is not among the six defendants as who is.
3	Idaho Residents Seek Compensation for Nuclear Tests (Reuters) Reuters - Dozens of Idaho residents who\claim nuclear tests conducted during the 1950s made them sick\asked a panel of scientists on Saturday to recommend that the\U.S. government compensate them.
3	Red Hat big wig attacks Sun A RED HAT vice president has slammed Sun for refusing to open source its Java code and hanging on like grim death to its patents. The bone of contention is the April agreement between Sun and Microsoft.
1	Psychologist to step up at UK Athletics British athletics is set to spring a major surprise today by naming a virtually unknown psychologist as its new performance director.
0	Don #39;t expect miracles: Natwar Singh: India News: New Delhi, Nov 15 : India will give its  quot;best shot quot; in the upcoming talks with Pakistan, but the country should not expect miracles, External Affairs Minister K. Natwar Singh said Monday.
1	Holmes chases one more double Britain #39;s golden girl, Kelly Holmes, faces the prospect of ending her summer track season with another couple of doubles here.
1	Easy pickings The defending champions are finally in the World Cup of Hockey win column. Granted, their 3-1 victory last night came against Slovakia, the team that #39;s been the weakest in the North American pool so far.
1	Weekend Bundesliga Preview The autumn championship is on the line as Bayern Munich host title challengers VfB Stuttgart needing a win to be declared Herbstmeister.
0	Prison workers walk out over pay Prison maintenance workers stage a 48-hour strike to protest against a pay deal unions describe as 'insulting'.
0	Couple arrested over Jakarta bomb Indonesian police arrest two people suspected of involvement in last week's Jakarta car bombing.
1	Police probe Yorke racism claims Police have launched an investigation into claims from Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke that he was racially abused prior to a game at Blackburn.
2	Oracle #39;s Bid for PeopleSoft Gains on EU Antitrust Clearance Oracle Corp. won European Union approval for its hostile \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last regulatory hurdle to the bid.
3	Google plans giant online library stack Well, boot up, bibliophile. That vision took a big step toward becoming reality this week, as Internet search-engine firm Google and five big libraries announced plans to create a giant online reading room.
2	Smaller auditors find niche While the Big Four are pulling back from the small-company market, a passel of regional and  quot;second tier quot; national accounting firms are eagerly filling the gap.
2	Bank seeing unexpected customer gains The head of Bank of America says the banking giant is unexpectedly gaining northeastern customers just six months after its acquisition of FleetBoston.
1	In A Rush To Return RALEIGH, NC - For the past two weeks, Florida State tailback Leon Washington has been torn between a feeling of helplessness and something that almost made him feel guilty.
1	Mets Meet Martnez for Dinner at Home Omar Minaya and Pedro Martnez met on their home turf in the Dominican Republic and tried to determine if they could extend their common ground.
3	Gateway Returns To Japan Gateway is returning to Japan and will be launching some new desktop and laptop computers for the new market. Leveraging the distribution channels of its eMachines brand, the company now offers its new line 
1	New York Knicks INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- Jermaine O #39;Neal #39;s solid play helped the Indiana Pacers end a rocky week on a positive note. O #39;Neal had 33 points and 12 rebounds as the Pacers snapped a two-game slide with a 103-97 victory over the New York Knicks .
3	Gene test to track illegal ivory A genetic test that can determine the origin of ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.
2	Oil prices breach US\$50, setting new mark in Asian trading Crude oil prices pushed past the psychologically important US\$50-per-barrel mark Tuesday to an all-time high of US\$50.01 as the market reacted to the slow recovery of US oil production in the Gulf of Mexico following Hurricane Ivan.
2	The Forbes 400 richest Americans The economy #39;s recovery may be a little shaky, but you wouldn #39;t know it from looking at this year #39;s Forbes 400. In this, Forbes #39; 23rd annual ranking of the 400 richest people in America, the combined net worth 
1	NBA, Union Debate Brawl Before Arbitrator NBA, Players #39; Union Go Before Arbitrator to Debate Suspensions of Four Players Over Mich. Brawl. A fan wearing a T-shirt with a message about the Indiana Pacers watches a large television screen during the 
1	LeBron leads Cavs back LeBron James has helped Cleveland overcome a 19-point deficit to down Phoenix 114-109 in an overtime NBA thriller. The teenage sensation scored 17 of his 38 points in the fourth quarter, helping the home side 
0	Power struggle also to blame for Sudan violence KHARTOUM, Sudan - The violence in Sudan #39;s western province of Darfur, where more than 30,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands have been displaced, is widely portrayed as an ethnic-cleansing campaign by Arab militias ...
2	Rudy tries investment banking The one-time federal prosecutor, who in the 1980s went after crooked deal-makers at investment banks, is starting one of his own. Dubbed Giuliani Capital Advisors Llc, the Times Square 
3	Glaciers are flowing faster Ice is sliding off the Antarctic continent much faster than it did during the 1990s, several teams of researchers have found. On the Antarctic Peninsula that sticks out from the western side of the continent 
3	SingTel tests video calls between fixed-line and mobile phones (AFP) AFP - Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) started trials of third generation (3G) video calls between mobile and fixed-line phones.
0	Shanghai's Economy Grows 14.7 Percent (AP) AP - Shanghai's economy grew at a blistering 14.7 percent in the first seven months of the year, seemingly defying efforts to cool off China's economy amid fears of overheating.
1	Klitschko retains title Vitali Klitschko has knocked out Danny Williams in the eighth round to retain his WBC heavyweight crown and become the premier champion in the division.
2	High Court to Hear Cable Internet Case (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to\high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable\television companies like Time Warner Inc.
0	Vote Counting Begins in Afghan Election (AP) AP - Vote counting started Thursday in Afghanistan's landmark election, widely expected to install U.S.-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai as the war-ravaged country's first popularly chosen president.
1	Middlebury poised to continue Division 3 dominance Middlebury has had a stranglehold on the NESCAC men's hockey championship since its inception five years ago. Last year, the Panthers won their fourth NESCAC title en route to their sixth NCAA Division 3 championship. Prolific scorer and national player of the year Kevin Cooper was the catalyst in Middlebury's 27-win season, a school record.
2	Toyota, Nissan, Honda Shares Fall as US August Sales Decline Shares of Toyota Motor Corp., Honda Motor Co. and Nissan Motor Co. fell after their combined August US sales declined for the first time since 2002.
0	Indian bandit goes out in blaze of gunfire INDIA #39;S most wanted bandit has been killed in a jungle shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, 60, had been accused of murdering police officers, slaughtering elephants and kidnapping a movie star.
3	U.K.'s NHS licenses Sun's Java Desktop System LONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) said this week that it purchased 5,000 licenses for Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java Desktop System (JDS) as an alternative to Windows, in a move that could potentially open the door for greater use of the open-source software by the health agency.
3	The Matrix: Reworded THE MATRIX: A HAIKU INTERPRETAION BY KITTEN EXT. HEART O' THE CITY HOTEL Police cruisers flash Sirens lighting up the night Black sedan pulls up
1	Ready to partner Bellamy This fixture will be one of the toughest matches we #39;ve faced this season because winning games in France is never easy. Sochaux are flying high in their own league, in third position, and that is no mean feat.
2	Pfizer Shares Fall on Report of Celebrex Deaths Pfizer Inc. #39;s shares fell as much as 6.2 percent on Thursday on a Canadian newspaper report linking its arthritis drug Celebrex to 14 deaths.
3	Chinese Prosperity Seen as Threat to Endangered Wildlife Many endangered species are under threat from growing prosperity in China, where exotic animals are butchered for gourmet banquets, exotic medicines or luxury goods.
0	Belgian PM hurt in crash as flights row divides country The Belgian Prime Minister, Guy Verhofstadt, was recovering yesterday after a road accident in which his car hit a concrete pillar and rolled over three times.
2	Fannie Mae Execs, Regulator Square Off (Reuters) Reuters - Fannie Mae executives and their\regulator squared off on Wednesday, with executives denying any\accounting irregularity and the regulator saying the housing\finance company's management may need to go.
1	Tiger wins - and charity scores \$1m Tiger Woods shot a bogey-free five-under-par 66 to overtake a fading Colin Montgomerie and win the \$5,25-million Target World Golf Challenge in California.
3	Firefox Browser Takes Market Share From Microsoft's IE (TechWeb) TechWeb - Although Microsoft has nearly 90 of the browser market, its share is down a full five points since May of this year. Mozilla Firefox is doing the damage, with 5.6 million copies downloaded in the last two weeks.
2	Falling Bond Yields: Not To Worry What #39;s up with the bond market? As the Federal Reserve has steadily increased short-term interest rates over the past few months, investors in the bond-trading pits have pushed long-term yields down.
1	It's bad news bare for ABC ABC apologized yesterday for a steamy intro to  quot;Monday Night Football quot; after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
2	China to Control Power Plant Investments China will step up controls on investment in power plants, despite electricity shortages, to help ease pressure on coal supplies, state media reported Monday.
0	Amnesty Condemns U.S. for War on Terror Torture (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has manifestly failed\to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or\degrading behavior in the "war on terror" launched after Sept.\11, 2001, Amnesty International said on Wednesday.
1	Chicago Bears Winning With Defense (AP) AP - Messages and cards came from all over, congratulating defensive end Michael Haynes on his rare touchdown. When Haynes stuck up his hand and deflected a pass to himself before rumbling 45 yards for a Chicago Bears score last week, he did more than point his team to victory at Tennessee.
0	Arafat  #39;Between Life and Death #39; Yasser Arafat is hovering between life and death in a coma, Palestinian and French officials say. There was still no official public diagnosis yesterday to explain the Palestinian leaders critical condition.
1	Green Bay Packers LANDOVER, Maryland (Ticker) -- The Green Bay Packers did not wait long to take advantage of some good fortune. Cornerback Al Harris intercepted Mark Brunell one play after the Washington Redskins  #39; potential 
1	Inter Milan, Chelsea, AC Milan Perfect (AP) AP - Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan stayed perfect on Wednesday as the Champions League group stage reached the halfway mark.
1	Today's schedule Auto racing: NASCAR Nextel Cup Sylvania 300 practice at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 9:30 and 11:10 a.m.; NASCAR Craftsman Truck Sylvania 200 at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 1 p.m.; NASCAR Busch North Sylvania 125 at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, 3 p.m.
2	OPEC Agrees Oil Supply Crackdown  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  squeeze out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
2	Issing says EU growth will pick up soon European Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing has said the slowing of euro zone economic growth in the third quarter was temporary and he expects growth rates to pick up again.
2	Oil price climbs back above \$50 The price of crude oil moves back above the benchmark \$50 a barrel mark as production facilities in the Gulf of Mexico remain down.
0	Navy commander ordered back to UK The captain of a Royal Navy warship is removed during a tour of duty to the Gulf amid allegations of bullying.
1	Button unhappy with  #39;advice Jenson Button has revealed dissatisfaction with the way his management handled a fouled switch to Williams. Not only did the move not come off, his reputation may have been irreparably damaged amid news headline 
0	Pak urges restraint after India test fires AGNI II missile ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has reportedly asked India to maintain a  quot;strategic restraint quot; following Sunday #39;s test firing of the AGNI II nuclear capable missile.
2	Pension Agency May Go Broke by 2020  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government agency that  insures corporate pensions will run out of money in 2020 if  current financial conditions persist, imperiling the checks of  millions of retirees, a new independent study shows.
3	Skygazers, baseball fans watch for lunar eclipse If skies are clear, people can expect to see the full moon turn a deep reddish colour as the Earth #39;s shadow falls over the face of the moon, astronomers say.
1	Doan an instant hero in Canada Scoring the decisive goal for Team Canada in an important game comes with an instant one-way ticket to Heroville north of the border.
0	Omar Abdullah survives assassination bid SRINAGAR: The head of held Kashmir #39;s main opposition party, Omar Abdullah, survived an assassination bid Sunday for the second time in a month when rebels exploded a bomb a few steps away from him, police said.
0	Sinn Fein leaders, police chief meet in bid for peace accord LONDON -- Leaders of the IRA-allied Sinn Fein party talked with Northern Ireland's police commander for the first time ever yesterday in pursuit of a new peace agreement between Catholics and Protestants.
3	FTC sues alleged spyware distributors The US Federal Trade Commission filed a legal complaint last week against two companies that are believed to have infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising and then attempted to sell their owners anti-spyware software.
3	Sun sales tactic targets Linux Company will compensate its sales staff for selling non-Sun machines, as part of its effort to boost Solaris on x86 hardware.
2	OPEC to Cut Production After Six-Week Price Decline (Update7) OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, agreed to cut output by about 4 percent in a bid to prop up prices after the biggest drop in three years.
3	AMD Big Gainer in 3rd-Quarter Microchip Sales-IDC Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) captured nearly 10 percent of computer microchip market revenue in the third quarter, the highest level 
1	US women #39;s soccer through to semifinals Thessaloniki, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States women #39;s soccer team advanced to the final four of the Olympics with a narrow 2-1 victory over Japan Friday. 
2	American Express Posts 14 Percent Profit Gain American Express #39; reported revenue was \$7.2 billion, up 12 percent from \$6.4 billion in the third quarter of 2003. Shares were up 16 cents at \$51.
3	Symantec Updates SOHO Gear To Battle Against Worms, Phishing Symantec on Tuesday introduced versions of its consumer and small business security software with updates that protect against network-scanning worms such as Sasser, and keep phishing attacks at bay. 
3	Arctic Ocean Was Balmy 70 Mln Years Ago -Study (Reuters) Reuters - It may be freezing cold and covered in\ice now but 70 million years ago the Arctic Ocean was as tepid\as the Mediterranean.
3	California employee pension fund tenders PeopleSoft shares to Oracle The California Employees' Retirement System voted Wednesday to tender its 1.5 million PeopleSoft shares to Oracle, giving the hostile suitor a boost in the final days of its takeover bid.
0	India, Pak to talk again NEW DELHI, DECEMBER 8: The first technical discussions on the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service concluded today without much progress.
1	Vijay Singh win more than 10 million US dollars in one season Singh ended the five-year reign of Tiger Woods as world number one in September, defeating Woods in a man-to-man duel for the Deutche Bank Championship title to confirm his supremacy.
0	Israel Retracts Allegations about Transporting Rockets by UNRWA #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following allegations that UNRWA help transporting Qassam rockets in its vehicles, the Israeli government retracted Tuesday its allegations, Israeli Haaretz Online Daily reported.
1	No. 19 Florida 88, Florida A amp;M 51 Florida A amp;M had played two other ranked teams this season and was blown out both times. Mohamed Abukar scored a career-high 22 points, and No.
0	Cheney and Edwards Go Toe to Toe in Debate Iraq and terrorism dominated a hard-hitting and sometimes personal exchange between the vice presidential nominees on Tuesday.
3	Extinction May Have Trickle-Down Effect WASHINGTON (AP) -- Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.    A team of researchers led by Lian Pin Koh of the National University of Singapore studied some 12,200 plants and animals considered threatened or endangered, and calculated that an additional 6,300 dependent insects, mites, fungi and other species could be considered endangered...
1	Kiwi barrister to hear Ganguly #39;s appeal (LEAD, changing dateline &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sports India, Cricket: London, Nov 16 : New Zealand barrister Tim Castle was Tuesday appointed to hear India captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s appeal against his two-Test suspension, the International Cricket Council (ICC) announced here.
1	PRESS BOX VIEW - THE SUN Manchester Uniteds 30million central defender returned from an eight-month ban for missing a drug test and looked like he had never been away.
2	Dow Chemical Profit Surges 86 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DOW.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics  sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,  the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said Thursday.
3	Novell announces Open Enterprise Server The new product incorporates commercial and open source networking platforms with integrated management tools and identity-based services.
0	Plans for Iraq Arab News Those who thought the interim government of Premier Iyad Allawi was baying for the moon when it invited Shiite militiamen in Baghdads Sadr City neighborhood to hand in their weapons in return for cash appear to have been proved wrong.
2	Adtranz price slashed 30 as Bombardier settles with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Inc. will get a \$209-million-US reduction in the price it paid DaimlerChrysler AG in 2001 for the German company #39;s rail equipment division.
1	Gilly puts NZ to sword After Gilchrist was dismissed yesterday Australia continued to plough along at more than 6 runs an over, at least until the mini collapse halfway through the innings, anyway, but even until then the innings failed to sustain the don #39;t-stop-watching-in 
3	TI Working on Television Chip for Phones for 2007  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. has begun  developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile  phone screens in three years.
1	McCaw to captain with Umaga left out Richard McCaw will captain the All Blacks against Wales on Sunday morning, with Wellington #39;s Piri Weepu set to make his test debut at halfback.
1	Spain confident ahead of Davis Cup tie Spain needs only to beat an under-strength French team to secure its place in the Davis Cup tennis final, while Britain looks to the experience of Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski in its World Group play-off with Austria this weekend.
1	Hourihan finally getting her shot in goal When Northeastern University women's hockey goalie Marisa Hourihan skated off with a 3-0 victory over Quinnipiac University on Oct. 30, the Hanover native felt she was back where she belonged.
0	Syrian Court Releases Rights Activist on Bail A Syrian court has released on bail a human rights activist charged with tarnishing the country's image but considered by advocacy groups to be a prisoner of conscience, one of his attorneys said Monday.
0	Middle East ; Iran Rules Out Complete Nuclear Dismantling  quot;Americans also have no right to raise something like this, quot; he said, adding that Iran had never used its nuclear power program for weapons production.
0	Pitcairn Women Back Their Men Ahead of Sex Trial  SYDNEY (Reuters) - A group of women on Pitcairn Island in  the South Pacific are standing by their men, who face underage  sex charges, saying having sex at age 12 is a tradition dating  back to 18th century mutineers who settled on the island.
1	Woods Comes Up Empty, but Still No. 1 (AP) AP - Tiger Woods came up empty in a major again, but he's still the No. 1 ranked player in the world.
3	EU Suspends Microsoft-ContentGuard Review  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has stopped  the clock on its review of Microsoft and Time Warner's purchase  of U.S. anti-piracy software maker ContentGuard, a spokesman  for the EU executive said on Tuesday.
1	There is no crying in baseball Murphy, who went to the San Francisco Giants game when Barry Bonds hit his 700th homer Sept. 17, is suing Steve Williams. According to a story on ESPN.
0	Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.
2	US Markets Shrug Off Iraq, Terrorism News (Reuters) Reuters - As recently as early summer, the shock\waves from a roadside bomb or mortar attack against American\forces in Iraq would ripple through U.S. markets.
0	Afghan government says drug smugglers were behind political attack &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan The Afghan government is blaming drug smugglers for yesterday #39;s attack on the leading vice presidential candidate .
2	Costco Posts Higher First-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Costco Wholesale Corp. , the\largest U.S. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in\quarterly profit on Thursday.
1	Report: Holyfield banned from boxing in US New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former undisputed heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield has been banned from fighting by the New York State Athletic Commission, according to published reports.
3	Fans Throng for First Crack at New Game 'Halo 2' (Reuters) Reuters - It takes a special kind of person\to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long\just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first\"Halo" on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the\wait to buy the new "Halo 2."
2	Kinross Restates 3rd-Qtr Profit to Loss on Writedown (Update1) Kinross Gold Corp., Canada #39;s third- largest producer of the metal, restated third-quarter earnings to a loss after changing the way it accounts for goodwill.
1	Faith First, Football Second Sean Johnson was at a Virginia football team meeting 2 1/2 years ago when he decided to embark on what he now calls the greatest experience of his life.
0	Eventual burial site fuels emotional, political debate TEL AVIV -- As Yasser Arafat's condition deteriorated in a hospital outside Paris yesterday, an explosive political crisis was brewing in Israel and the occupied territories over where the man who personifies the Palestinian national movement eventually would be buried.
2	Canadian Bonds Gain; Rising Oil Prices May Curb Economic Growth Canadian bonds gained on concern that the North American economy may slow as higher prices of oil translate into greater transportation and production costs.
1	Navy Tries to End Drought Against Irish (AP) AP - For four decades, the routine has been pretty much the same: Notre Dame players and coaches talk up the Navy Midshipmen during the week and beat them up on game day. This year might be different.
1	Tennessee Titans Team Report (Sports Network) - A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against the Miami Dolphins was pushed up to Saturday, and resulted in a dominant, 17 
2	Cisco, Microsoft team on security REDMOND, Wash. -- Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms, and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. said today that they plan to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
3	Sony abandons copy-protected CDs Sony is abandoning its copy-protected CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them. The CDs allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent copies of the same disc.
0	Roadside Bomb Kills One U.S. Soldier A U.S. soldier died of wounds sustained when a roadside bomb hit his patrol in Baghdad, the U.S. military said Sunday. Three other American soldiers were slightly wounded in the same attack but returned to duty.
3	U.S. to More Closely Coordinate GPS Policy (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will more\aggressively promote and more tightly coordinate oversight of\its Global Positioning System, the network of satellites used\to determine precise geographic locations, the White House said\on Wednesday.
0	Iraq Says Offensive Vs. Cleric to Start NAJAF, Iraq - An Iraqi Cabinet minister said Thursday that Iraqi forces could begin an offensive against Muqtada al-Sadr within hours, despite the firebrand cleric's acceptance of a peace proposal.    To prevent an imminent attack on his forces, who are holed up in the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf, al-Sadr must immediately disarm his Mahdi Army militia and hand over its weapons to the authorities, Minister of State Qassim Dawoud said...
2	Advancis: Funds Through Early 2006  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advancis Pharmaceutical Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVNC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AVNC.O&lt;/A&gt;, which recently saw a large contract end with  GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt;, said Friday it has enough funds to  operate though at least early 2006, and outlined a plan to cut  costs.
2	Michael Peltier: Some insurers waiving mulitple deductibles Homeowners unfortunate enough to get slammed by multiple hurricanes in the past seven weeks have had to face the risk of another less deadly but more expensive disaster.
3	Finally! The Treo 650 Arrives The palmOne Treo 600 may be the nation #39;s most loved smart phonea celebrated balance of cell phone and PDA. Rumors have swirled around the Internet for months about the next generation of Treos; today, with 
1	Back in the Saddle Howard senior Marcos Moreno will start at quarterback against South Carolina State, after he was benched before last week's 35-17 win over Norfolk State.
0	PM expected to approve further operations in Gaza Following consultation with senior security officials Thursday afternoon, Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz decided to widen the IDF #39;s operation in the northern Gaza Strip in response the increasing attacks generating from the area.
2	Treasury Chief Wants Stronger Dollar DUBLIN, Ireland - The United States would like the dollar to strengthen but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday.
2	Toro Earnings Rise; Dividend Doubled  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro Co. on  Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings  and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and cost  controls.
0	Memos: Bush Refused Order While in Guard WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...
2	Carmakers Face Huge Retiree Health Care Costs For older domestic manufacturers like General Motors, health care represents a severe financial burden.
2	No more peanuts Hugo Chavez, the president of Venezuela caricatured in the mask above, is raising taxes on oil companies in the Orinoco Belt from 1pc to 16.
1	It's no easy task for Notre Dame Notre Dame of Hingham , often among the top girls' soccer programs in EMass, expected to compete for the Division 1 title this season. The Cougars didn't expect that they'd begin the season with a new coach.
1	Sports: Rangers reliever arrested over stadium incident OAKLAND, Calif. Texas reliever Frank Francisco has been arrested by Oakland police on a charge of aggravated battery. He threw a chair into the stands during the ninth inning of last night #39;s game in Oakland, injuring two spectators.
0	Ransom may save Bigleys life- Report A Kuwaiti newspaper reported that a new group is trying to secure Bigleys release, which could include the possibility of a ransom.
1	Former team-mates predict mixed fortunes for Gascoigne PAUL Gascoigne, who won 57 England caps, finds himself at yet another career crossroads following his resignation yesterday as player/coach of Boston United.
3	Research in Motion sets Vodafone BlackBerry pact Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will introduce the newest version of its popular BlackBerry wireless email device in Europe and 
1	Pats Win 17th in Row, 23-12 Over Arizona (AP) AP - Make it 17 victories in a row and counting for the New England Patriots. Despite a sometimes sloppy performance, the Super Bowl champions defeated the sputtering Arizona Cardinals 23-12 on Sunday.
0	Israel Arrests 13 UN Employees - Army Israel has arrested 13 UN employees and plans to indict them for  quot;suspected links to terrorism, quot; an Israeli army officer said Tuesday.
2	Florida shrimpers win victory on tariffs against imported shrimp The Bush administration Tuesday upheld a decision to impose penalty tariffs on shrimp imported from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers from Florida and other states.
3	VMware aims for four-processor abilities VMware, the EMC subsidiary whose software lets a computer run multiple operating systems simultaneously in separate  quot;virtual machines, quot; has grown a step more ambitious.
0	Chechens Vote for New Leader; 'Bomber' Kills Self  ZNAMENSKOYE, Russia (Reuters) - Chechens voted on Sunday  for a new president in a tense election, but many doubted the  Moscow-backed police officer who was set to win would manage to  stamp out rebellion in the turbulent region.
3	Legal peer-to-peer services: Gimmick or Genius? Few in the tech world need an introduction to Napster #39;s founder, the college dropout whose revolutionary file-swapping technology shook the foundations of the \$11bn record industry.
1	Upon reflection, Sox overmatched The White Sox #39; 10-2 loss to the Twins at the Metrodome Tuesday night offered a nearly perfect mirror to an increasingly ugly season.
2	Genta Can #39;t Catch a Break Genta (GNTA:Nasdaq - news - research) is never boring! Monday night, the company announced that its phase III Genasense study in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) met its primary endpoint, which was tumor shrinkage.
2	Reliance 2nd-Qtr Net Rises 39 to 17.52 Bln Rupees (Update2) Reliance Industries Ltd., which owns the world #39;s third-biggest oil refinery, posted a better-than- expected 39 percent rise in second-quarter profit as India #39;s expanding economy stoked demand for fuels and chemicals.
0	Darfur peace talks hobble along amid bitter disputes over security (AFP) AFP - Delegates at peace talks to end a conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region traded bitter accusations of ceasefire violations as African Union mediators battled to keep the conference on track.
2	Intel Cuts Revenue Outlook; Stock Falls  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  cut its third-quarter revenue and profit margin forecast after  demand for both its computer microprocessors and communications  chips weakened beyond expectations. Its stock fell nearly 8  percent.
1	A position of strength Who knows? Maybe a year from now when Ty Law is playing cornerback for the New York Jets, Miami Dolphins, or Dallas Cowboys, Eugene Wilson will slip into the starting spot the Patriots had in mind for him all along. But for now, Wilson is content to be part of a defense that has six former No. 1 ...
2	Some Soldiers May Be Due Insurance Refund Many of the young soldiers at Fort Benning thought they were purchasing an investment product after they listened to the agent #39;s spiel, but they really bought term life insurance at less-than-bargain rates.
3	Music industry ditches hardcore copyright for  #39;free love #39; tunes Stranglehold copyright could be going the way of the dinosaur, it seems, with both the big names and independent organisations moving towards a more open copyright structure.
0	Large Explosion Heard in Central Baghdad (AP) AP - A large explosion shook Baghdad at sunset Wednesday, and a large plume of smoke could be seen rising from the western bank of the Tigris river.
0	Usher Leads American Music Award Nods LOS ANGELES - R B casanova Usher, whose album "Confessions" steamed up the charts with songs about sex, affairs and breakups, received a leading four nominations Tuesday for the American Music Awards.    Many categories included last year's winners - Toby Keith, Tim McGraw and Linkin Park - and previous nominees Beyonce, Avril Lavigne, Norah Jones and R...
0	Missing Airport Uniforms Pose No Threat, Canada Says  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada reported Monday that its airport  screening staff had lost more than 1,100 pieces of clothing and  identification this year but insisted the missing items posed  no threat to security.
0	AP: Iran Moves Toward Nuclear Production (AP) AP - Iran has produced a few tons of the gas needed to enrich uranium, a top nuclear official indicated Wednesday, confirming the country has defied international demands and taken a necessary step toward producing nuclear fuel  #151; or nuclear weapons.
0	U.S.: Too Early to Tell Iraq Unit's Fate BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Monday no decision had been made on whether to discipline Army reservists who refused a supply mission last week, despite statements from their relatives that the soldiers would be discharged...
2	Time Warner #39;s AOL Unit to Cut 700 Jobs -Source America Online, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider, plans to lay off about 5 percent of its US work force as it faces an ever-dwindling subscribership, a source close to the company said on Tuesday.
3	Columnists: The Worst Case Scenario The fine print in an insurance policy becomes an issue when a bizarre chain of IT disasters leaves a company without a single copy of the source code to its flagship product.\
0	Typhoon unleashes devastation on Asia Shanghai - Typhoon Aere crashed into mainland China on Thursday, unleashing torrential rains and prompting the nearly a million people to seek safety, as the death toll climbed to on 35 Thursday after a mudslide killed 15 villagers in Taiwan.
3	Mobile hard drive carries Linux The drive, loaded with the open-source OS, can be plugged into the USB port of any computer to turn it into a Linux machine.
2	Some Drug Makers Find That Vaccines Are Good Business Some have explained the flu vaccine shortage by saying that the vaccines business holds little allure, but vaccines, it turns out, can make for good business.
2	3Com to acquire TippingPoint for \$430 million 3Com Monday announced plans to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems, for approximately \$430 million in stock.
2	Dow weakness prevails Technology rise loses steam by close. Weakness in blue chips returns. Rising oil prices weigh. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.
0	12 Years After the Riots, Rodney King Gets Along Rodney King, whose videotaped beating led to riots in Los Angeles in 1992, is out of jail now and talking frankly for the first time about the riots, himself and the American way of life.
0	Macedonian PM Kostov resigns over policy disputes ISN SECURITY WATCH (16/11/04) - Macedonia #39;s Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned on Monday over disputes within the ruling coalition of Macedonian Social Democrats, the Albanian minoritys Democratic Union of Integration (DUI) party, and Macedonian 
2	October probably had job growth US employers probably added 175,000 workers to payrolls in October, the most in five months, while the unemployment rate held at a three-year low of 5.4 percent, the median forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of economists shows.
2	A Bargain in Drug Distribution? D K Healthcare Resources' stock surprises investors, but the drop brings a favorable valuation.
1	Celtics Expect Gary Payton to Report (AP) AP - Gary Payton's offseason was marked by a cross-country trade, a missed deadline for taking a physical and an arrest for investigation of driving under the influence. Now the people who run his new team, the Boston Celtics, are eager to see the point guard on a basketball court.
0	IRA pledges full disarmament BREAKING months of silence, the Irish Republican Army declared today it was willing to get rid of all its weapons this month - but only if Protestants backed a new power-sharing 
1	Beck, Youzhny gain St. Petersburg final Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny and Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck won three-set semifinals Saturday and will play for the St. Petersburg Open title.
0	Luggage may hold an explosive surprise French police said yesterday that they had ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly 
0	Iraq's Allawi Declares Martial Law  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi,  grappling with the violence blighting Iraq, lived up to his  tough image on Sunday by declaring martial law.
0	Viewers See Cheney-Edwards Debate As Draw CLEVELAND - Dick Cheney and John Edwards slugged it out over jobs, judgment and Iraq in a hard-hitting debate that set the stage for President Bush's speech Wednesday denouncing his Democratic rival's record on national security.    Their debate Tuesday night was largely a draw, moving the attention once again to their bosses in the second presidential showdown Friday night...
1	Change Is Good as Woods Shoots Day's Best Score Tiger Woods shot a second-round six-under-par 64 at the Tour Championship and trails leader Jay Haas by three strokes.
2	Volkswagen enters close cooperation with Abu Dhabi the German vehicle producing giant Volkswagen will assemble trucks in Abu Dhabi and enter a car leasing joint venture with the Gulf emirate, it was announced Monday.
1	Redknapp to be unveiled as Saints boss - report The 57-year-old quit south coast rivals Portsmouth two weeks ago claiming he needed a break from the game. However, BBC Radio Five Live reported this morning that Redknapp has confirmed to them he will be installed at St Marys.
2	Yukos cuts output to save money Russian oil producer Yukos is cutting back its production and slashing its expenditure, as the company battles for survival.
2	Canon Problems Ease Fears of LCD Glut (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Canon Inc. said on Thursday\it had found problems with equipment for making liquid crystal\displays (LCDs), boosting shares in LG.Philips and other LCD\makers as fears of a supply glut eased.
1	Hewitt prepared for Moya challenge World number three Lleyton Hewitt says he is expecting a tough exchange with Spain #39;s Carlos Moya, in their opening match of the ATP Masters Cup in Houston tomorrow morning (AEDT).
3	F.C.C. Clears Internet Access by Power Lines The F.C.C. adopted rules that will enable utility companies to offer an alternative to broadband services provided by cable and phone companies.
2	UPDATE:Philippine Officials Play Dn Arroyo Crisis Remark MANILA (Dow Jones)--President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo Monday caused a stir in local markets by saying the Philippines is in the midst of a  quot;fiscal crisis, quot; but finance 
2	CONGRESS PASSES TAX CUT BILL Election year politics result in the passing of a multi-billion dollar tax cut package. The Senate overwhelmingly approved the measure 92-3 last night.
0	Big fall in corruption in Kenya The Kenyan government's campaign to tackle corruption is having an impact, says Transparency International.
1	These lefties were all right Francesca Schiavone, the daughter of a Milan bus driver, was traveling on foot in Flushing. Fast. Desperately. A yellow tennis ball had risen like the sun over her head -- deftly lobbed by lefthander Angela Haynes -- descending at the baseline, and bounding toward the backstop.
1	Emirates and Arsenal in 100-m deal Arsenal Football Club has signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in football history with Emirates Airline in an agreement worth 100 million.
3	KDDI beats DoCoMo in net cell phone subscription growth TOKYO - KDDI Corp beat NTT DoCoMo Inc in net subscription growth in the Japanese cell phone market in August for the first time in three months.
0	US Intelligence Analyzing New Tape Attributed to bin Laden A US official says intelligence agents will analyze a new tape purportedly featuring the voice of Osama bin Laden. The message praises this month #39;s attack on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia and claims change is needed in the Saudi leadership.
3	Google launches new search engine The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
1	Backman not one to back down General partner and avid baseball card collector Ken Kendrick happily raised a baseball card of Wally Backman vigorously sliding into an opposing catcher.
1	Spadea in semifinals Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
1	Kenteris and Thanou charged over missed tests EKATERINI THANOU and Konstantinos Kenteris, the Greek sprinters, were charged yesterday with missing a mandatory drugs test on the eve of the Olympic Games and for making false statements about a motorbike accident.
1	History not on UF #39;s side GAINESVILLE  Florida defensive end Derrick Harvey has facial hair. He weighs 235 pounds and stands 6 feet 6. By society #39;s physical standards, Harvey certainly is considered an adult.
1	Quarterback is a question mark Yes, it #39;s only three games but some things are obvious early on. The Redskins are in serious trouble at quarterback. And trouble at quarterback might as well be a computer virus; it ruins everything, even the defense.
1	Late-Season Heroics Guide Astros Into Playoffs (Reuters) Reuters - The Houston Astros seemed as shocked as\they were happy after beating the Colorado Rockies 5-3 on\Sunday to clinch the National League wild card playoff berth\and cap an improbable late-season comeback.
3	AMD spells out dual core features CHIP FIRM AMD has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. The firm presented at the Processor Forum in San Jose earlier today, and, according to EE Times, revealed some further details of its plans.
1	Cubs re-sign veteran pitcher Rusch The Chicago Cubs on Saturday re-signed veteran pitcher Glendon Rusch to a two-year contract. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
2	Back to the Drawing Board at the FEC A US District Court judge has sent the Federal Election Commission back to work on a passel of rules it wrote to put the 2002 campaign-finance law into effect.
0	Hoon wavers on Black Watch Christmas return Geoff Hoon, the Defence Secretary, appeared to back off last night from Tony Blair #39;s promise to Parliament that a Black Watch battle group being redeployed to help US Marines near Baghdad will be home by Christmas.
2	Upstart RCN faces second Goliath head-on In its seven years playing David to the Goliaths of Greater Boston cable television, upstart RCN Corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities grabbing nearly 40 percent of cable television customers while bundling telephone and Internet services.
2	Asian Shares Edge Up as Oil Eases  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares ticked higher on Tuesday  as oil paused in its near-daily record climb, providing  investors a chance to buy banks and some semiconductor shares  such as NEC Electronics Corp.
1	Major Announcement PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Top 10-performances in Ryder Cup years, major championships and tournament victories will earn more points toward one of the 10 automatic qualifying spots for the 2006 US Ryder 
0	Baghdad area deaths said to top 10,000 BAGHDAD -- At Sheik Omar Clinic, a big book records 10,363 violent deaths in Baghdad and nearby towns since the war began last year -- deaths caused by car bombs, clashes between Iraqis and coalition forces, mortar attacks, revenge killings, and robberies.
0	Kerry Attacks Bush's Handling of Campaign Against Terror Senator John Kerry said attacks were on the rise and the Bush administration was "in confusion" about how to respond.
2	Intel: The Return of Stuart Smalley Intel smiles and proclaims all is well. Or is it a daily affirmation designed to keep angry investors at bay?
3	France shows off tallest bridge The world's tallest bridge, higher even than the Eiffel Tower, is being inaugurated by the French president. 
2	Steel Shares Dive On Price Cuts MUMBAI, AUG 23: Shares of steel firms fell in the range of 4 to 7 per cent early on Monday after top producers slashed prices amid government concerns about spiralling inflation, traders said.
3	AT  Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."
2	US officers to check US-bound cargo shipped from Dubai port DUBAI (AFP) - Dubai port, a leading world operator, signed a deal with the United States under which US officers will help screen US-bound containers that have been identified as a potential terrorist risk.
1	Q amp;A: Terry Labonte and friends. Terry Labonte announced his plan for retirement during a special media breakfast at Hendrick Motorsports on Tuesday. Hosted by Fox #39;s Mike Joy, featured guest speakers included NASCAR #39;s Mike Helton, Team Owner 
0	IMF Policy-Makers Fail to Agree on Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The International Monetary Fund's\top policy-making group failed on Saturday to close divisions\over debt relief for the world's poorest countries.
2	China warns rising energy prices to lead to more inflation in 2005 BEIJING : Rising energy and raw material prices are pressuring inflation and will push up the consumer price index next year, state press cited the country #39;s top statistician as saying.
0	UN to assess Iran nuclear freeze The UN nuclear agency is set to meet in Vienna on Thursday to review Iran #39;s controversial nuclear programme. The board of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will learn if Iran is abiding by an agreement 
1	Center of attention: Vikings #39; Birk battling through pain Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings center Matt Birk is hampered with possibly another hernia and is expected to miss Sunday #39;s game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
3	Microsoft #39;s Media Launch Won #39;t Lift Earnings Yet Goldman Sachs said new media offerings from Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people )  quot;are not likely to be material to earnings this fiscal year and possibly longer.
0	Najaf Battle.. Sistani Wins Big The dramatic return from abroad, call on his followers to head for Najaf and the swift ending to a three-week long fierce battle 
0	Three Killed in Rush for IKEA Vouchers Three men were trampled to death in a rush to claim vouchers at the first IKEA furniture showroom in Saudi Arabia Wednesday, hospital officials said.
1	Clarett Accuses Ohio State of N.C.A.A. Violations Maurice Clarett's contentions in an ESPN the Magazine article were dismissed by the Ohio State athletic director as issues the university had already dealt with.
3	Revenge Really Is Sweet, Study Shows (Reuters) Reuters - Revenge feels sweet, and Swiss\researchers said on Thursday they have the brain scans to prove\it.
3	Cap Harnesses Human Thought to Move PC Cursor Scientists say they have developed a non-invasive, brain-computer interface that enables a person to move a cursor across a computer screen just by thinking about it.
2	Kraft's Candy Sale Kraft is reportedly planning to sell two well-known brands. What will it do with the proceeds?
1	Kidd Takes Another Shot at Nets The first week of training camp is not over and the Nets' best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice.
2	Cost Cuts Help Kmart Post Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.
0	Anti-terror police arrest Abu Hamza Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza is being questioned at Paddington Green police station in London after being arrested over alleged terrorism offences.
0	N.Korea Vows to Boost Deterrent, U.S. Rejects Demand (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea threatened on Saturday\to double the size of its nuclear deterrent and the United\States rejected its conditions for a resumption of talks,\leaving the two nations in a dangerous stalemate.
0	Iraqi peace team to go to Najaf An Iraqi delegation is going to Najaf to try to end  a stand-off between US-led forces and Shia militants.
2	Coolbrands Cuts Year-End Profit Outlook Coolbrands International Inc., the maker of frozen desserts, cut its profit outlook for fiscal 2004 on Tuesday, because of a decision to take a noncash charge related to stock options.
0	EU Cannot Start Entry Talks With Turkey Unless it Reforms Penal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union has made clear to Turkey that it cannot start negotiations on joining the union, until Ankara reforms its penal code.
0	U.S. Strikes Fallujah; Car Bomb Kills 10 (AP) AP - U.S. jets struck targets in the insurgent bastion Fallujah on Friday, and U.S. officials said 10 people  #151; including a family of four  #151; were killed when a car bomb exploded near a Baghdad police station in a bloody start to the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
1	Passing the torch Calgary Sun. Dan Marino wouldn #39;t swap his collection of NFL records and Hall-of-Fame nomination for the world. Not even for that elusive Super Bowl victory.
2	Motorola in 3-year contract extension with Nextel Motorola said on Thursday it has extended for three years a deal to supply Nextel Communications with telecommunications equipment, allaying fears that Sprint buyout of Nextel would threaten the relationship.
0	Iran says European nuclear proposal unacceptable Iran on Sunday has refused to accept a European nuclear proposal, terming it as  quot;unbalanced. quot;. An Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said Sunday that the proposal asking Iran to stop uranium enrichment activities 
2	Economy grows by 6.3 Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A1 of the Nov. 30, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. BEATING most forecasts, the economy -- as measured by the gross domestic product (GDP), the 
3	Tiny memory card for mobiles launched Samsung has developed a cut-down version of the multimedia memory card (MMC) that it hopes to see deployed in future mobile phones.
1	Giants still coming up short After the fourth question yesterday regarding backup running back Ron Dayne, Giants coach Tom Coughlin felt he had answered enough.
1	Arsenal, Chelsea, Man. United and Liverpool all win Champions Arsenal remain at the top of the Premier League with two-point lead after a 1-0 victory at Manchester City after title rivals Chelsea beat Middlesbrough 1-0 on Saturday.
1	Steelers halt Pats #39; streak Dampening the joy in Mudville, the turnover-prone, injury-bitten Patriots lost for the first time in 22 games, 34-20, at Heinz Field yesterday, leaving the 7-0 Eagles as the NFL #39;s only unbeaten team.
1	Scrimmage Gets Ugly Ralph Friedgen used a four-letter word to describe his Maryland team's offensive performance in Sunday's practice: blah.
0	French Government Says Arafat Was Not Poisoned  PARIS (Reuters) - The French government insisted on  Wednesday that Yasser Arafat was not poisoned and Le Monde  newspaper quoted doctors as saying he suffered from an unusual  blood disease and a liver problem.
0	Belarus Leader Wins Vote to Extend Mandate -Official Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko secured approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office, the top election official said Monday.
2	National Semiconductor Sells Imaging Unit Integrated circuit maker National Semiconductor Corp. said Tuesday that it will sell its imaging unit to photo equipment maker Eastman Kodak Co.
2	WR Grace, Honeywell Settle Lawsuit WR Grace  amp; Co., a chemical company currently in bankruptcy proceedings, on Monday said it has settled litigation with Honeywell International Inc.
1	Randolph Guaranteed  #36;1.88M in Mets Deal (AP) AP - Willie Randolph is guaranteed  #36;1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager.
1	Rapids 3, Wizards 1 Joe Cannon stopped a shot from close range in the 76th minute and a penalty kick five minutes later, helping the Colorado Rapids to a 3-1 victory over the Kansas City Wizards on Friday night.
2	Sales and profits boost at Amazon Amazon.com sees third-quarter profits more than triple as sales increase in all its world markets.
0	Nineteen Dead, 17 Injured In Turkish Mine Tunnel Fire ANKARA, Sept 8 (AFP) - A huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern Turkey on Wednesday, killing at least 19 workers and injuring a further 17, a local official there said.
0	Bush Must OK Clinton's Document Release (AP) AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.
1	Yankees Will Start El Duque in Game 4  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will start  Orlando "El Duque" Hernandez in Game 4 of the American League  Championship Series on Saturday against the Boston Red Sox.
1	Arazi Upsets Schuettler in Lyon Open (AP) AP - Hicham Arazi of Morocco upset defending champion and second-seeded Rainer Schuettler 6-4, 1-6, 6-3 Wednesday in the first round of the  #36;980,000 Lyon Open.
3	Namibia Loses Ivory Export Bid at CITES Meeting (Reuters) Reuters - Namibia lost a bid on Monday for\permission to export 4,400 pounds of ivory annually at a United
1	Kenteris and Thanou charged A statement on the IAAF website said the governing body #39;s Doping Review Board had conducted an extensive three-month inquiry and had concluded that evidence exists that the three committed doping violations.
1	Safin and Nalbandian Reach Second Round in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Russian Marat Safin reached the second  round of the rain-hit China Open with a 6-4, 7-5 victory over  American Alex Bogomolov on Thursday.
2	Investment firm Leucadia holds about 5 pct of MCI WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Investment company Leucadia National Corp. (LUK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it had bought a 4.96 percent stake in MCI Inc. (MCIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for about \$245.9 million. 
3	BEA packages Web application tools BEA Systems is set to release a new all-in-one package on Monday to help software partners create and install Web applications more quickly.
3	A renaissance for the workstation? Santa Clara, Calif.-based Orion Multisystems has come up with a new type of workstation that can hold several processors clustered together for greater power.
3	Reseller CDW upgrades abilities, ambitions Company offers higher-end equipment and new expertise for selling complicated combinations of products.
2	Vegas Comes to Wembley with Casino Plan  LONDON (Reuters) - Rundown land surrounding London's  Wembley Stadium will be transformed into a glitzy \$600 million  gambling resort in a joint venture between U.S. group Caesars  Entertainment and Britain's Quintain Estates.
1	Bonds whiffs with fans MILWAUKEE -- San Francisco Giants manager Felipe Alou hopes Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run -- whenever it comes -- will change the public #39;s perception of the surly slugger.
2	Cox directors look at proposed buyout Cox Communications Inc. is a step closer to going private, with the cable giant #39;s board of directors forming a special committee of independent directors to consider the Cox Enterprises Inc. proposal to take the company private in a \$7.9 billion buyout. 
3	SQL Server pros aren #39;t charmed by open source They are curious about the growing number of open source database products on the market, but some SQL Server DBAs say they remain doubtful that companies will adopt it for the long haul.
0	Mystery of Archer link to oil coup Investigators probing the backers of the alleged coup in Equatorial Guinea will discover this week what role - if any - disgraced Tory peer Lord Archer played in financing the plot that led to the arrest of Sir Mark Thatcher 11 days ago.
3	IBM to Roll Out New Two-Way Opteron Server IBM later this month will begin shipping the second generation of its two-way server powered by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s 64-bit Opteron processor.
3	Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
0	Kenyan to collect Nobel prize Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai is to be presented with the Nobel Peace Prize for 2004 at a ceremony in Oslo. Professor Maathai, also Kenya #39;s deputy environment minister, is the first African woman 
0	13 Palestinians killed in Gaza strike GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Israeli helicopters attacked a Hamas training field yesterday morning, killing at least 13 Palestinians and wounding 25 in the bloodiest strike in Gaza in months, officials from both sides said. Most of the casualties allegedly were members of the anti-Israeli militant group.
3	Why MSN Search is good for the consumer? Microsoft launched the second beta release of MSN Search with little fanfare. There is no doubt it is good, but few consider it as a threat to Google for sometime to come.
1	Lions prepare for Vick, Falcons While many of his Detroit Lions teammates spent the bye weekend at home with their families, Harrington stayed in town to see his brother play college football.
2	Airline Eliminates Check-In Hassle Hawaiian Airlines now offers baggage pickup from your home, office, or anywhere.
2	Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. shares jumped 18\percent in their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday,\after a scaled-down  #36;1.67 billion IPO marked by missteps and\lackluster market conditions.
0	Chaos looms in Darfur as violence increases: Annan Chaos is looming in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region as violence increases, order collapses, and the number of desperate people in need of humanitarian aid reaches nearly 2.3 million, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said in a report to 
0	Four more truck drivers taken The kidnapping and killing of truck drivers by Iraqi insurgents continued Sunday as at least four more men were taken hostage and the body of an Egyptian man was found.
3	HIPAA security guidelines being readied A working group made up of members from three organizations plans this month to release guidelines for complying with the data security requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
3	Yahoo and Adobe to boost search tool Yahoo and Adobe Systems have entered an alliance aimed at boosting Yahoo #39;s internet search tool while possibly turning more net content into PDF (Portable Document Format) documents, to the advantage of Adobe #39;s PDF Reader product.
3	NASA Jet Will Try to Go 7,000 MPH (AP) AP - In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
3	Briefly: Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs roundup Plus: Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic...TV chip company gets \$19 million...Oracle extends deadline on PeopleSoft bid...MLB sells game clips for 99 cents.
0	Nuclear impasse top of agenda as NKorea's No. 2 meets China's leaders (AFP) AFP - North Korea's second ranking leader was scheduled to meet with China's two most powerful men as Beijing persisted in its efforts to revive stalled talks on the nuclear standoff.
0	Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank, plans that were shelved earlier to avoid discord with Washington, political sources said Tuesday. 
1	Williams has surgery on left knee, out for season Safety Shaun Williams of the New York Giants will be sidelined the rest of the season after surgery on his left knee on Thursday. Williams was hurt in practice last Friday, when he intercepted a pass and landed awkwardly.
0	Train set on fire by mob DHAKA: A mob torched a train in central Bangladesh yesterday as anger over a grenade attack which killed 19 people and narrowly missed opposition leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed erupted in violence and protests, officials said.
2	Celebrex to stay the market, for now The FDA says that although its decision is to not ban the drug, that possibilty is not ruled out. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The US Food and Drug Administration decided Friday not to recall Celebrex but it has not ruled out the possibility.
1	No Yankee Magic This Time The only thing that showed up Wednesday night at the big ball park in the Bronx was Dracula, dressed like Johnny Damon, and he sucked the life right out of the Yankees.
0	Cuban M.D. Staying at Argentine Embassy A prominent Cuban doctor who was denied permission to travel to Buenos Aires to visit relatives was staying at the Argentine Embassy on Thursday, but her son said she does not plan to seek asylum in a case that has raised tensions between the two nations.
3	Stock lawsuit possible in telecom merger plan (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Former MediaOne Group executives are exploring a class-action lawsuit over Cingular's insistence that AT amp;T Wireless stock options, issued by the millions to employees and former employees of MediaOne, AT amp;T and AT amp;T Wireless, be exercised as soon as the merger closes, people involved in the effort say.
1	Everton send Rooney shirts to Africa Everton is sending Wayne Rooney football merchandise, worth 65,000, to needy soccer-mad youngsters in west Africa. All the unsold stock from the Rooney section of its shop is being sent to help children and youths in Liberia.
0	Somalis to elect crucial post The newly inaugurated Somali parliament is due to elect the speaker of the transitional assembly later on Wednesday. Twelve members of parliament have expressed interest in the position.
0	Two bombs explode in Spain TWO bombs exploded today in two coastal towns in northwestern Spain, after a tip-off by a caller claiming to represent the Basque separatist organisation ETA, an Interior Ministry spokesman said.
0	Israel Presses on With Gaza Offensive JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - More troops poured into the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel expanded its offensive to counter Palestinian rocket fire, one of the largest incursions in four years of fighting. Seven Palestinians were killed in new clashes, including four who cut through Gaza's border fence...
3	Travel Vets Launch Beta of  #39;Google for Travel #39; Veterans of Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia have teamed to launch a new travel search company, Kayak.com, a public beta of which launched this week.
2	DaimlerChrysler, GM Join on Hybrids DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology 
2	Adobe proposes universal digicam  #39;raw #39; image format Dubbed Digital NeGative (DNG) format, Adobe #39;s proposal would not supersede the JPEG format used by almost all digicams these days, but the native formats such cameras offer users who want maximum, image fidelity.
2	Defence firms cash in on war on terror The increased spending on the military helped drive a sharp increase in profits at plane-maker Boeing and defence contractor Northrop Grumman during the third quarter.
1	Japan baseball players go on strike Tokyo, Japan (Sports Network) - Japan #39;s baseball players have decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70-year history of the sport in that nation.
3	That's enough peace - Novell sues MS just one more time 'Ransack the church' suggested in WordPerfect war
3	E*Trade Profit Rises as Expenses Drop (Reuters) Reuters - E*Trade Financial Corp. , an\online bank and brokerage, on Monday said its third-quarter\profit rose as lower expenses offset a drop in net revenue.
3	Lava Breaks the Surface at Mount St. Helens After weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions, Mount St. Helens has a new lava dome that could even eclipse the volcano's old one. The quakes subsided as the new lava emerged Monday and cooled in the open air.
0	Israel Kills 3 Palestinians in Major Gaza Raid  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed three  Palestinians, including two teenagers, on Wednesday after  storming into the northern Gaza Strip for the third time in as  many months to quell Palestinian rocket fire into Israel.
1	Angry Safin Upset by Call, Llodra Marat Safin lost his temper and his quarterfinal at the St. Petersburg Open on Friday, getting surprised by seventh-seeded Michael Llodra 6-4, 6-1 after protesting a line call.
3	Tech Firms Urge Bush to Focus on Cybersecurity Security alliance asks for more funding for cybersecurity research and development.
0	Iran Denounces Nuclear Demands As Illegal TEHRAN, Iran - Iran on Sunday denounced as "illegal" demands from the U.N. atomic watchdog agency that it freeze all work on uranium enrichment - technology that can be used for nuclear weapons...
1	Former Senator glad MLB is back Three former Washington Senators attended Monday #39;s press conference in which city and team officials announced that Washington, DC #39;s new baseball team would be named the Nationals.
0	Small Bombs Go Off in Jeddah JEDDAH, 12 September 2004 - Two small bombs left in stolen taxis exploded in Jeddah yesterday, both outside banks with foreign links.
3	NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Balloons (AP) AP - NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.
3	Intel puts brakes on fast chip HIGH speed is not necessarily all that counts. What #39;s demanded at the end of the day is performance. In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel has cancelled plans to release a 4GHz computer microprocessor.
1	Drug Test Sidelines Mutu for Seven Months Romanian soccer star Adrian Mutu as he arrives at the British Football Association in London, ahead of his disciplinary hearing, Thursday Nov. 4, 2004.
0	Polls Show Worsening of U.S. Reputation LONDON - America's reputation around the world is hurting, according to a series of coordinated polls published Friday from 10 countries, including many of the United States' closest allies.    In eight of the countries where the surveys commissioned by major newspapers were conducted, more people said their view of America had worsened in the past two to three years than improved...
0	Mutilated body of woman found FALLUJAH: US Marines yesterday found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman during a sweep of a street in central Fallujah.
1	Man Utd in new bid battle as Glazer tries again The American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is preparing a 780m hostile bid for Manchester United after dramatically forcing three of the club #39;s directors off the board.
1	Giambi to Return to Yankees; White Sox Waive M. Jackson The five-time all-star has not played since July 23. He had a benign tumor diagnosed last month. Giambi is hoping to again play before the regular season ends.
3	Scientists Intrigued by Rare Dead Whale (AP) AP - The body of a whale resembling a giant dolphin that washed up on an eastern Australian beach has intrigued local scientists, who agreed Wednesday that it is rare but are not sure just how rare.
3	Greek, British Police Break Illegal Software Ring  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek and British police in a joint  operation cracked a multi-million illegal software sales ring,  arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirate high-tech  software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
0	Fla. Judge Delays Voting Machine Lawsuit (AP) AP - A judge ruled Friday that a lawsuit demanding that Florida's touch-screen voting machines produce a paper record will not be heard until Oct. 18  #151; too late, perhaps, to affect the November presidential election.
1	Mourinho silent on Mutu Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho refused to talk about shamed striker Adrian Mutu ahead of the Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
3	Who do you love? Cisco, Dell and Microsoft earn raves in a customer loyalty survey. Apple, HP and Sun? Not so much. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Executives at Cisco, Dell, Microsoft and IBM don #39;t need to worry about losing a lot 
0	Intelligence sources warn Abu Mazens election not in the bag The initial confidence that the election of Mohammed Abbas (Abu Mazen) as Arafats successor was a foregone conclusion may be dissipating, as western intelligence sources warn that his rivals are more formidable than originally estimated.
2	Euro Rises to Record High Above \$1.3329 The euro hit a fresh record high against the dollar above \$1.3329 on Tuesday following the release of weaker-than-expected US consumer confidence data.
2	Dillard #39;s Posts Narrower Loss in 2Q Dillard #39;s Inc. reported that its loss narrowed in the second quarter to nearly half of what it was a year ago, but it was still far more than Wall Street expected as the chain was dragged down by sluggish sales. 
2	Nestle #39;s 1st Half Net Profit Hits \$2.28B Nestle, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, on Wednesday posted a first-half net profit of 2.84 billion Swiss francs (\$2.28 billion), up 0.02 percent on the year-earlier figure of 2.78 billion francs (then \$2.03 billion). 
0	Bush said ready to lift Libya sanctions WASHINGTON -- President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger the release of more than \$1 billion to families of PanAm Flight 103 victims, a senior administration official said yesterday.
3	AOL Boosts Security America Online will offer its users a new security system called  quot;AOL Passcode, quot; using SecurID, a token-authentication technology from RSA Security.
1	Reports: Raptors sending Carter to Nets in megadeal The New Jersey Nets have acquired Vince Carter from the Toronto Raptors in a megadeal being reported by the New York Daily News and several web and broadcast outlets.
3	FCC Jump-Starts BPL The FCC approved rules for transmitting broadband over power lines, providing a way for high-speed Internet access to be delivered through home electrical outlets.
2	Stocks End High on Jobless Claims Report Stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading Thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from from Google Inc.
0	Waziristan mine kills 3 children Three children have been killed by a landmine in Pakistan #39;s tribal region of South Waziristan, officials say. The children, including two brothers and aged between nine and 13, triggered the mine near the main town of Wana, they said.
3	NASA: Jeanne Caused Little Damage, but Shuttle Work More Behind NASA says Hurricane Jeanne caused minimal damage to the Kennedy Space Center. But the storm put space shuttle workers even further behind in their effort to resume.
2	United Airlines Sees More Job Losses (Reuters) Reuters - The head of UAL Corp.'s United\Airlines said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan\would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was\not clear how many.
2	FDA Official Alleges Pressure to Suppress Vioxx Findings A Food and Drug Administration official who sought to estimate the harm done to patients by side effects of the painkiller Vioxx said yesterday that his supervisors tried to suppress his conclusions, according to Sen.
0	UK troops in Iraq move north The 1st Battalion The Black Watch begins move north to take over operations from US troops in central Iraq.
2	Update 7: Crude Oil Hugs Milestone \$55 Mark Crude oil futures stayed within range of the \$55 milestone Friday, a day after a decline in the US inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.
0	Four former Gurkhas dead in Iraq Four employees of a British security firm are killed inside the high-security Green Zone in Baghdad.
3	Intel, Clearwire Collaborate on WiMax Intel and Clearwire, Craig McCaw #39;s wireless broadband services company, plan to jointly develop and deploy wireless broadband WiMax networks, the companies announced today.
0	Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on new nuclear missile  systems that other powers do not have in order to protect  itself against future security threats, President Vladimir  Putin said Wednesday.
3	NASA #39;s chief quitting post Sean O #39;Keefe on Monday officially resigned as the head of NASA to interview as the chancellor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
3	U.N.: Mobile Phones Gaining Revenue (AP) AP - Mobile phones are expected to generate greater revenue this year than traditional land lines with the nations of Africa, Asia and Latin America driving growth, a U.N. agency said Thursday.
1	Olympians back on track The 35th running of today #39;s New York City Marathon will test Meb Keflezighi, Paula Radcliffe, Deena Kastor and several other 2004 Olympians.
0	Ghanaian Cargo Jet Crashes in Canada, Seven Dead  OTTAWA (Reuters) - A Ghanaian-registered Boeing 747 cargo  jet crashed and burned on take off from Halifax airport in  eastern Canada on Thursday, killing all seven crew on board,  police said.
0	Envoys bid to end Ukraine crisis The EU's Javier Solana and other envoys go to Ukraine to try to mediate in the crisis over the disputed election.
1	Americans playing it cool in the pool ATHENS  Michael Phelps might receive his last gold medal of the Athens Olympics in a way no one would envision. 
1	Defense: Prosecution withheld key evidence EAGLE, Colo. -- Attorneys for NBA star Kobe Bryant have asked the judge to dismiss the sexual assault charges against him with opening statements less than a week away, a courts official said Wednesday.
2	CORRECTED - UPDATE 1-United Airlines seeks \$500 mln more in cost &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  quot;UPDATE 1-United Airlines seeks \$500 mln more in cost cuts quot; please read in paragraph 4 ... The \$500 million figure would be over and above savings realized if United terminates and replaces its pension funds ... instead of .
3	Same-Day Doctor Visits Gain Steam in U.S. Life changed for Steve Lunt and his wife when they called Dr. Gordon Moore, who is among a growing number of doctors nationwide who have adopted same-day service. The idea, which experts say is gaining steam, is that scheduling patients immediately for even routine physicals will keep them healthier and happier.
2	Intel bullish on technology direction at Fall analysts #39; meeting NEW YORK - Sounding anything other than a company that has had its share of missteps in recent months, outgoing Intel chief executive Craig Barrett expressed confidence and even a bit of cockiness at the company #39;s Fall analysts #39; conference in New York 
3	Dietary Supplement Industry Hops on Low-Carb Diet Trend By ALICIA CHANG    (AP) -- Stroll down any pharmacy aisle these days and you'll find that the low-carb craze has invaded the \$20 billion dietary supplement industry.    From multivitamins to starch blocker pills, loosely regulated supplements are popping up in the burgeoning low-carb market dominated by food companies...
3	PlayStation 3 chip goes easy on developers SAN FRANCISCO--The  quot;Cell quot; processor that will power the next version of the PlayStation game console will also be adaptable for advanced scientific research, but you won #39;t have to be a rocket scientist to program it.
2	Stocks End Flat After Rates Go Up US stocks finished flat on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate campaign of tightening 
1	Astros Lead Cards 6-5 After Seven Innings St. Louis Cardinals #39; Albert Pujols (5) scores on a sacrifice fly ball in the third inning against the Houston Astros during Game 4 of the National League Championship Series in Houston, Sunday Oct. 17, 2004.
0	Vote counting starts in Afghan election Vote counting started yesterday in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election, widely expected to install Hamid Karzai, the US-backed interim leader, as the country #39;s first popularly chosen president.
0	Nairobi summit reaffirms commitments to end landmine-caused &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Nairobi Summit on a Mine-Free World concluded here Friday with 144 states that have banned antipersonnel mines reaffirming their commitments to end sufferingcaused by the deadly weapons.
2	Quenching a big thirst THE world #39;s biggest beer company was formed at the weekend after Belgium brewer Interbrew and Brazilian drinks group AmBev merged.
3	Gates announces new Windows update tool That's not all. Microsoft also has new tools geared to help cut costs of managing corporate data.
0	Dutch Anti-Terror Raid Over, Two Held  THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch police stormed an apartment and  arrested two people on Wednesday, ending a 14-hour stand-off  that began when suspects sought in anti-terrorism probe wounded  three officers in a hand grenade blast.
1	Raiders Score Card WHY THE RAIDERS SHOULD WIN: In a game that is expected to be a defensive struggle, the Raiders have had better statistical success and bring more heat on the passer.
0	Israel unusually restrained after bombing Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing on Monday in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis -- a test of Israel #39;s pledge to show restraint in the wake of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness.
1	Patriots still mean perfection Nothing concerning the New England Patriots can be dismissed as implausible, not with the team performing with the historic sweep that it is.
0	Jihad Will Boycott Palestinian Election GAZA CITY, 3 December 2004 - Islamic Jihad said yesterday it would boycott a Jan. 9 Palestinian presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.
3	Security software protects data-centric mobile phones and PDAs Trend Micro has debuted a software package said to provide antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS messaging on  quot;data-centric quot; mobile phones and PDAs.
2	Wall Street Plays Party Host The Republican National Convention, which opens Monday at Madison Square Garden in midtown Manhattan, is being bankrolled and feted to an extraordinary degree by the financial services behemoths that are concentrated at the island #39;s southern tip.
2	Letters Placement of photo, headline confusing When I opened a recent business section, what I beheld above the fold was a picture of Lance Armstrong under a headline ''It is better to give when not being deceived quot; ( Nov. 21). My immediate reaction was that the Lance Armstrong Foundation was deceptive in its practices. It took a reading of your article ...
3	RealNetworks Sells 1 Million Songs Since Price Cut (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK.O) has sold\more than a million song downloads since launching a 49 cent\per song campaign a week ago, the Internet media and software\company said on Tuesday.
2	Union Seeks to Represent Wal-Mart Workers Union efforts to organize Wal-Mart workers in Canada continued Monday in the auto-service departments of seven British Columbia outlets of the world #39;s largest retailer.
1	Triathlete Out 2 Years Nina Kraft is banned for two years by the German Triathlon Union on Monday after admitting taking a performance-enhancing drug EPO before the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship.
0	Iran suspends its uranium enrichment programme IRAN yesterday froze sensitive nuclear work, including uranium enrichment, in a move likely to thwart United States efforts to report the Islamic state to the United Nations Security Council for possible sanctions.
1	Offence comes alive, Dolphins get 1st win Jay Fiedler played an efficient game and the Dolphins became the NFL #39;s last team to win, posting a 31-14 victory over the St. Louis Rams.
3	Freescale announces dual-core PowerPC processor While much has been made of efforts by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. to bring dual-core processors to PCs and servers, Freescale Semiconductor Inc.
0	Iran Wants to Amend Nuke Freeze, EU Says No  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has requested that it be permitted  to continue conducting "research and development" with  centrifuges, machines that can be used to develop material for  nuclear weapons, diplomats said on Wednesday.
3	Canada #39;s Environmental Record Bad-Official Report The Canadian government is not doing enough to protect the environment because of a lack of leadership and political will, a senior official said in a scathing report released on Tuesday.
3	EU pledges \$63 million for grid computing Grants aim to accelerate European research into business applications of shared computing.
1	NL: Bucs slow down Astros #39; charge PITTSBURGH - The Houston Astros came into Pittsburgh as baseball #39;s hottest team. They #39;re threatening to leave town as one of the coldest.
0	Ex-Army Officer Elected Somalian President Somali presidential candidate Abdulahi Yusuf Ahmed, left, stands next to an unidentified election official, just after he had taken an oath on the Quran to abide by the election results, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004 
0	Baker Recovers From Open Heart Surgery (AP) AP - Howard Baker, the former Senate majority leader now serving as U.S. ambassador to Japan, was expected to leave intensive care Friday, four days after open heart surgery.
0	S Asian countries came close to criticizing Myanmar Southeast Asian countries came close to issuing a critical statement on the Myanmar military government #39;s treatment of detained pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi at their summit, but the plan was shot down by Thailand, sources said.
0	Microsoft defence enters day two Microsoft's attempt to get EU antitrust penalties against it suspended turns to the question of its media player.
1	Bishops clinch playoff berth BRAINTREE -- Clinched. Is there a better sounding word in early November? Not to the Archbishop Williams football squad, which assured itself of a Division 3 playoff berth with a thrilling 33-20 victory over visiting Austin Prep yesterday to claim the Catholic Central Large title.
2	10.45am Market Update European stock markets mostly rose in early dealing this morning, buoyed by a strong overnight rally by Wall Street. US stocks rebounded, winning support from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and positive broker comments regarding the technology sector.
2	Microsoft Unveils Its Internet Search Engine, Quietly Microsoft rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry on Wednesday.
3	Double MyDoom for Internet Explorer flaw A second MyDoom offshoot is taking advantage of an unpatched security hole in Microsoft's Web browser to spread.
2	German strike threatens to paralyse Vauxhall plant Production at the Vauxhall plant at Ellesmere Port in Cheshire is expected to grind to a halt today because of a components shortage caused by industrial action in Germany over job cuts.
3	Web Sites Spoof Bush, Kerry With Parodies If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
0	Spy freed as part of prisoner exchange An ecstatic Azzam Azzam, the Israeli Druze businessman held in an Egyptian jail for seven years on spying charges, was released yesterday in a prisoner swap seen as signalling a thaw in relations between the two countries.
3	John, Paul, George, Ringo...and Steve? A close reading of the California filing, which is similar to the British one, reveals an extremely complex case -- one that a London judge has already criticized for a lack of clarity.
0	Gunmen seize Russian school, taking 400 hostages A television grab shows a soldier helping a girl away from the scene at a school in the town of Beslan in the province of North Ossetia near Chechnya, September 1, 2004.
2	IMF Official Urges Nations to Do More The head of the International Monetary Fund on Tuesday urged developed countries to do more for Africa, including opening their markets to trade.
0	China Threatens to Veto UN Darfur Draft -Diplomats  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China is threatening to veto a  revised U.S. draft resolution that would consider U.N.  sanctions against Sudan's oil industry if Khartoum does not  rein in marauding militia fighters in its Darfur region,  diplomats reported on Wednesday.
1	Rugby-White relieved as South Africa begin with narrow win South Africa coach Jake White was a relieved man after watching his side concede two last-gasp tries before hanging on for a 38-36 victory over Wales at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
2	USDA Rules Out Mad Cow Disease in Animal The result cheered the beef industry, which had braced itself to hear that a second case of mad cow disease had been discovered in the U.S.
3	Yushchenko Poisoned With Pure TCDD (AP) AP - Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said Friday.
3	ICANN Stands To Reap Windfall from New Domain Fee In the short term, the tax could add US\$4 million annually to ICANN #39;s coffers, an amount that could skyrocket to more than \$30 million if it is extended to additional domains.
1	Old Firm plum tie in Scottish Cup Tennent #39;s Scottish Cup holders Celtic have been drawn to face Old Firm rivals Rangers in next month #39;s third round. Martin O #39;Neill #39;s men, who knocked out their Glasgow neighbours in the quarter-finals last 
3	Data Center Markup Language finds home in OASIS A proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards 
1	US junior rider wins silver at cycling worlds Rebecca Much of the United States won the silver medal in the junior time trial Monday at the road cycling world championships. Tereza Hurikova of the Czech Republic was the winner, following her bronze medal on a mountain bike Sept.
1	Martinez's years in Boston A chronology of highlights and lowlights from Pedro Martinez's seven years (1998-2004) as a Red Sox pitcher:
0	Polish hostage freed in Iraq A Polish woman taken hostage last October in Iraq has been returned to Warsaw, the BBC reported Saturday. Appearing at a press conference alongside Polish Prime Minister Marek 
0	Congo Pulls Diplomats Out of Burundi (Reuters) Reuters - The Democratic Republic of Congo has\pulled all of its diplomats out of neighboring Burundi\following the slaughter of Congolese Tutsi refugees there last\week, its foreign minister said on Friday.
1	Arsenal hit by Vieira injury blow Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira is set to miss Sunday #39;s trip to Manchester United as well as the Champions League game with Panathinaikos.
1	Wenger will not yield Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to fight his FA misconduct charge as he defended his right to criticise Ruud van Nistelrooy in public.
0	Blair launches ad blitz for early polls British Prime Minister Tony Blair is planning to call general elections in February, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.
0	British Troops Head North for Mission Near Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British troops moved north from Basra  Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up  U.S. troops for a possible attack on Falluja.
1	US media snub may hit bid The absence of a United States broadcaster at the Paralympic Games has led senior figures within the International Paralympic Committee to raise doubts over New York #39;s bid to host the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2012.
3	Study of Cell Breakdown Captures Nobel Two Israelis and one American won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work on how a cell breaks down proteins that are damaged or have outlived their usefulness.
3	Patch in for Microsoft server spoofing flaw A flaw in Microsoft #39;s security server software could allow an attacker to fool business users into thinking that malicious content can be trusted, the software giant warned on Tuesday.
2	Delaware judge rejects settlement: Oracle moves to replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Delaware judge Leo Strine refused to remove PeopleSofts poison pill and alter the shareholder rights plan in a hearing Wednesday.
2	Jury Gets Enron, Merrill Lynch Case Jurors began deliberations in the trial of six former Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executives accused of fraud and conspiracy in the energy trader #39;s 1999 sale of three power-generating barges.
2	Baseball Wrangling Makes Some Uneasy Tuesday night's D.C. Council vote on baseball left some business leaders worried that the events will hurt the District's credibility with developers and financiers.
3	Sony Releases New Smaller PlayStation 2 It #39;ll cost about the same as the regular-sized PS 2 in the US and Europe. The smaller PlayStation 2 has all regular PlayStation 2 functions such as playing CDs and DVDs.
3	802.11n: Not So Fast! The Wi-Fi Alliance yesterday warned wireless gear makers not to jump the gun on marketing 802.11n features before the standard is ratified.
3	SAP earnings beat estimates Sales in Europe were especially strong, rising 24 percent, the software maker says.
3	Career Imperative: Get Inside The Boss #39; Head JP Morgan Chase #39;s decision to in-source the bulk of the IT operations it recently outsourced points to what could be one of the great career-planning hazards over the next couple years: Divining what direction IT strategy is headed.
2	Infineon Posts 10 Percent Profit Drop Infineon #39;s net profit fell to \$54.6 million in the fourth quarter from \$63 million in the third quarter of last year. The net result came up short of analyst forecasts of \$169 million.
0	China Netcom Makes Strong Exchange Debut (AP) AP - Shares of mainland telecom firm China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd. exceeded market expectations in their debut on the Hong Kong stock exchange Wednesday. It was Asia's biggest telecom listing so far this year.
3	Microsoft to Integrate PC Communications Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday said it is launching a desktop application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
3	Peter Berg to Direct Splinter Cell Paramount has acquired film rights to Tom Clancy #39;s video game Splinter Cell and hired Peter Berg (Friday Night Lights) to direct.
2	Fund insiders: Lavish gifts abound Mutual fund companies in Boston say they have strict prohibitions against employees getting the kind of wining and dining and luxe entertainment that government regulators are investigating at Fidelity Investments, but industry officials and attorneys in the field contend such extravagance is nonetheless common in the investment world.
1	Lions #39; Printers sits and watches OTTAWA (CP) - In the end, Wally Buono #39;s decision to start Dave Dickenson at quarterback Sunday ahead of the CFL #39;s most outstanding player Casey Printers probably didn #39;t have much of an effect on the outcome of the 92nd Grey Cup.
2	Abraham Leaving Energy Department Spencer Abraham joined the exodus from President Bush's  Cabinet yesterday, submitting his resignation as energy secretary after four years of running a department that faced a series of high-profile challenges.
1	A Blitz of Questions Fans around FedEx Field are beginning to wonder if Coach Joe Gibbs might yank veteran Mark Brunell, but Gibbs reiterated he has no plans to change quarterbacks.
1	No. 1 USC Demolishes Colorado St. 49-0 (AP) AP - LenDale White got together with some old friends Saturday night. He had a much better time than they did, gaining 123 yards on 14 carries and scoring a career-high three touchdowns to lead No. 1 Southern California to an overpowering 49-0 victory over Colorado State.
0	BAGHDAD #39;S US ZONE ROCKED BY MORTARS September 12, 2004 -- BAGHDAD - Strong explosions shook central Baghdad late last night and fighting erupted on a major street in the heart of the city near the US-guarded Green Zone.
0	EU set to close fishing grounds The European Commission proposes closure of dangerously depleted cod grounds in the North Sea, Irish Sea and off the west of Scotland.
1	No other pairing rivals it Theyve gotta stop meeting like this? Dont tell Yanks, Sox; theyll do battle for 46th time in 17 months. Who will the 2004 ALCS and in how many games?
2	The Terminator takes on Detroit Nine automakers, led by Toyota and General Motors, have sued to block California #39;s new greenhouse gas regulation, which would require a 30 percent cut in emissions from cars and trucks sold in the state by 2016.
1	Little Movement in AP Football Poll (AP) AP - No. 1 Southern California and No. 2 Oklahoma have been the top two teams in The Associated Press Top 25 since the preseason, a nine-poll run that is the longest to start a season in nine years.
0	Sharon wants to speed up Gaza plan - sources Jerusalem - Israel could begin withdrawing from occupied Gaza early next year under an accelerated timetable that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon plans to present to lawmakers of his Likud party on Tuesday, political sources said.
1	Giambi, Yankees prevail Jason Giambi homered to end the longest slump of his career and Esteban Loaiza finally earned his 100th career victory and first for the Yankees, leading host New York over the Toronto Blue Jays, 5-3, last night.
0	Bush, Lawmakers Discuss Social Security (AP) AP - President Bush sought support from congressional leaders of both parties Monday for his proposal to overhaul Social Security, which promises to be a hotly contested political issue during his second term.
3	Cellular Union Wins Final Approval (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Now Cingular Wireless LLC gets to reap the rewards -- and face the challenges -- of its new status as the nation's biggest cellular provider.
2	Stocks Hit by Oil, Bonds Up on Weak Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid on Friday after oil  hit a record \$53.40 a barrel, while surprisingly weak September  jobs data touched off a rally in the bond market.
2	2nd UPDATE: Xstrata Bids A\$7.4B For WMC, Rivals Circle MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Swiss-based Xstrata Plc (XTA.LN) Thursday put WMC Resources Ltd. (WMR.AU) in play, offering A\$7.4 billion for the Australian miner that represents the start of a long bidding war.
3	Mauritanian Capital Battles Locust Swarm (AP) AP - Residents burned tires and trash in the streets Thursday trying to drive off swarms of locusts descending on the region in what a U.N. agency called the worst sub-Saharan invasion in more than a decade.
2	Strong C\$ cuts Aber Diamond Q3 net to US\$8.5M; dividend and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The strong Canadian dollar chipped away at Aber Diamond Corp. #39;s quarterly profit but, with sales almost doubling from a year ago, the company said Monday it has initiated a dividend and a share buyback.
3	Soyuz docks with space station A Russian Soyuz spacecraft brought a new crew to the International Space Station Saturday morning, the Interfax news agency reported.
0	LDP to propose self-defense force Japan #39;s ruling party is considering constitutional revisions for setting up a self-defense military force and also making the emperor the head of the state.
2	Fed #39;s Santomero sees sustained expansion PHILADELPHIA - The US economy is on course for sustainable expansion with little danger of inflationary pressure building, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
0	Kasuri to formally present General #39;s Kashmir formula to India Islamabad, Nov 14 (UNI) A day after External Affairs Minister K Natwar Singh expressed India #39;s readiness to look at President Pervez Musharraf #39;s radical formula for resolving the Kashmir issue if mooted formally, Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood 
3	Apples iPod takes a bite of hip culture Short of an actual prize, one of the most coveted handouts at this years Grammy Awards, Academy Awards and MTV Video Music Awards was the iPod music player stashed in celebrity goody bags.
0	Rivals ready themselves for Palestinian poll WITH the reality of democratic elections across the West Bank and Gaza now sinking in, Palestinian political leaders yesterday began jockeying in earnest for position and advantage, as new coalitions and obscure candidates emerged.
3	Making the most of season #39;s big gift: iPod By all accounts, millions of people will buy or receive Apple Computer #39;s iPod digital-music players this holiday season. The gadgets are beautifully designed and simple to operate, which is one reason they 
1	Expo #39;s Kim Can #39;t End Win Drought Another good start by Kim Sun-woo went to waste as the Montreal Expos frittered away a two-run lead in the seventh inning before finally beating the Chicago Cubs 7-6 in 12 innings in Tuesdays MLB game in Chicago.
3	'Super Earth' Discovered at Nearby Star (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - In a discovery that has left one expert stunned, European astronomers have \  found one of the smallest planets known outside our solar system, a world about \  14 times the mass of our own around a star much like the Sun.
1	Slavkov Suspended By IOC The Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has unanimously recommended that Ivan Slavkov, chairman of the Bulgarian Olympic Committee, be suspended.
3	Earth #39;s  #39;hum #39; springs from stormy seas An enigmatic humming sound made by the Earth may be caused by the planets stormy seas, suggests a new analysis. Japanese seismologists first described the Earths humming signal in 1998.
2	Banks boosting mortgage rates TORONTO -- Canada #39;s big banks raised long-term mortgage rates by more than one-tenth of a point yesterday, reflecting the higher cost of borrowing in the bond market.
3	Security Flaws Found in SP2 Worries about how well SP2 will work with existing software, combined with concerns about possible security vulnerabilities, have led many corporates to hold back from installing the security update.
0	UK village wrecked by flash floods Boscastle - Emergency services searched the wreckage of a picturesque English fishing village on Tuesday for 15 people unaccounted for after flash floods created a wall of water which tore through the valley. 
2	Apple Profit Doubles; Outlook Tops Views  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported its quarterly profit more than doubled as it  sold more than 2 million iPod digital music players and said  results for the current quarter would top Wall Street  estimates.
1	Houston Upsets No. 14 Purdue 63-60 (AP) AP - Daphne Andre scored 21 points, including two free throws that sealed the win following a key steal, leading Houston to a 63-60 upset of No. 14 Purdue on Tuesday night.
1	Shean a standout in field hockey as NU goes deep in NCAA tourney Whitney Shean, a Globe All-Scholastic for field hockey while at Medfield High School and the Tri-Valley League MVP for that sport in 2001 and 2002, is now a sophomore at Northeastern University, where she played a key role in the field hockey team's advance to the NCAA Division 1 Tournament this fall.
0	UN seat yes, veto no While India and Russia signed a joint declaration signalling a push to their strategic partnership on Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin fired a Brahmos on the issue of  #39;veto #39; for new UNSC members which India is seeking.
0	Investors Weigh Pharmaceuticals, Techs NEW YORK - As Wall Street sifts through more than 300 third-quarter earnings reports this week, technology and pharmaceutical stocks will be getting some of the closest scrutiny.    The focus on drug companies results from a recent spate of bad news about Merck   Co...
1	Colts' James Listed Doubtful Vs. Packers (AP) AP - Edgerrin James, the Indianapolis Colts' top running back, strained his hamstring in Sunday's victory against Tennessee and may miss this week's game against Green Bay.
0	Terror suspects go to court LONDON - Eight suspects, including a man the United States calls a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court under heavy guard yesterday as police investigated their alleged terrorism plots. 
1	Israeli surfs in for historic gold Gal Fridman closed his eyes and enjoyed a sweet sound never before heard at an Olympic Games -he strains of Israel #39;s national anthem playing in honor of the winner of a gold medal.
1	Jets: Clearly, Chrebet is happy The biggest fear for veteran flanker Wayne Chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffered last November was not that the next hit could end it all.
0	Whale beachings stump officials Scientists and wildlife officials are continuing to search for what may have caused a series of mass strandings which have left 169 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches in the past three days.
1	Celtic board must make decision OF THE millions of words the garrulous Martin ONeill has felt the urge to utter since the start of the season, the two he used on the eve of Celtics Champions League showdown with Shakhtar Donetsk carried more significance than all the others put 
3	Genesis Crash Adds to NASA Post-Columbia Troubles With NASA #39;s broken Genesis capsule stuck in the Utah desert and its shuttle assembly building battered by a hurricane at Cape Canaveral, the US space agency defended its budget and mission on Wednesday.
3	Toogle: Cool Google Image Search Implementation Toogle: Cool Google Image Search Implementation\\Google has become a synonymous with Internet Searching. It has also become a verb with all those talks about Googling this and Googling that. But the truth remains; Google is the best thing to happen to Internet Searching in years. And it does great at ...
3	Micron Technology to Build Chinese Factory US memory chip maker Micron Technology Inc. plans to build its first factory in China, to assemble and test semiconductors, the company said Monday.
1	Schaefer fired hours after 3-0 loss to Germany Cameroon fired coach Winfried Schaefer on Wednesday, just three hours after his team lost to Germany 3-0 in an international friendly, the country #39;s soccer federation said.
0	Militants Remove Arms From Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militiamen loyal to rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Friday removed weapons from the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf in a step aimed at ending the 2-week-old uprising centered on the holy site.    Al-Sadr's followers remained in control of the walled shrine compound, but kept their guns outside...
2	Microsoft downplays Real #39;s complaint Microsoft Corp said on Monday a complaint filed in South Korea by RealNetworks Inc, alleging that its Media Player software breached antitrust laws, was  quot;without merit quot;.
2	American Express Suing Card Companies Over Antitrust Violations Travel and financial services giant American Express Co. on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard as well as eight banks for damages stemming from anticompetitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through U.S. banks.
3	FCC: 8M Wireless Users Keep Cell Numbers (AP) AP - Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, according to the Federal Communications Commission.
1	Buckeyes won #39;t play in NCAA or NIT tourneys COLUMBUS, Ohio Ohio State has sanctioned its men #39;s basketball team, barring the Buckeyes from playing in the NCAA or NIT tournaments this season.
1	Roddick, Fish lead US Davis Cup team US Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe said Thursday Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will play singles in the Davis Cup finals against Spain next month.
3	Gates to keynote January CES Microsoft head honcho expected to use the spotlight at the Consumer Electronics Show to talk Xbox 2. The Consumer Electronics Association today announced the keynote speakers for the International Consumer 
0	US airstrikes hit Fallujah US warplanes today bombed insurgents in Fallujah as the American military resumed its plan to destroy houses and buildings believed to be used as hide-outs by militants.
3	Dell, Microsoft make a patch pact for servers The industry heavyweights want to ease a major "pain point" for their customers, Dell's CEO says.
0	Cabinet holds talks on troops plan The Cabinet is to discuss plans to send soldiers from the Black Watch to support American forces around Baghdad, amid reports that more British troops could soon be on their way to Iraq.
2	H R Block Faces Fraud Over Enron Bonds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - H R Block Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HRB.N&lt;/A&gt; financial  advisors unit on Monday was charged with fraud by securities  regulators for misrepresenting the risks of Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; bonds and calling them safe, even as the energy  trader had begun its collapse into bankruptcy.
3	Restoration Said May Help Gulf of Maine (AP) AP - Improved fish passage on the Penobscot River and recovery of a salt marsh on the west branch of the Pleasant River could bring environmental benefits to the Gulf of Maine, according to a new report.
3	Overture Shifting To Default Broad Match Within the next few weeks, Overture will make a major switch to matching terms on a broad basis, rather than the traditional exact match default it has followed since the company's launch.
0	Israelis to Expand West Bank Settlements Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he is committed to dismantling Jewish settlements in Gaza. But Israel says it will continue to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, and cites the tacit approval of the Bush administration.
3	Shoppers 'wary' of chip and pin One in five people using the new chip and pin credit and debit cards is still signing rather than using a pin number, research suggests.
0	Chinese finance minister says nine per cent economic growth acceptable (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - China's finance minister says economic growth of nine per cent this year would be acceptable, state television reported this week in the first acknowledgment by a senior official that growth might exceed the government's target of seven per cent.
2	Kellogg appoints Jenness CEO after Gutierrez resigns to join &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; DETROIT Kellogg has appointed James Jenness as chairman and chief executive, following the resignation of Carlos Gutierrez. The cereal maker #39;s board of directors elected the 58-year-old Jenness during a special meeting.
3	Nokia makes inroads into Land Rover Company's communication system integrates cell phone functions into Land Rover's "central infotainment display."
1	Five Pacers charged in basketball brawl DETROIT - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged today with assault and battery in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
0	Dollar dips on US current account concerns (AFP) AFP - The dollar dipped amid concerns about the US position with the rest of the world following data showing a record current account deficit in the second quarter.
0	Czechs Mark 15th Anniversary of Uprising (AP) AP - Evoking decades of repressive rule, Czechs took to the streets for concerts and speeches by former dissidents Wednesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that ended communism.
0	Israel's Sharon Confronts Party Rebels Before Vote  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon confronted  Likud party rebels with a pledge to put the good of Israel  first Wednesday as he battled to avoid an embarrassing defeat  over his Gaza pullout plan.
2	OPEC unable to influence market as oil prices scale new heights &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Oct 11 (AFP) - The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries says it is doing everything possible to help cool record high oil prices but its inability to meet markets #39; wishes reduces its credibility and influence, analysts said Monday.
2	Ex-Computer Associates Execs, SEC Settle Two former executives of Computer Associates International, who have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud, have agreed to pay a total \$387,470 to settle related civil charges in a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal at the big 
3	E-Rate Inspection which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
3	Elegant Bose SoundDock Broadcasts Your IPod #39;s Music As Apple Computer #39;s IPod has become a cultural phenomenon akin to Sony #39;s Walkman, the market for IPod accessories has exploded--some of the biggest names in computer and home audio have responded with speaker systems specifically made for the IPod (and 
2	PRA Raises \$68.4 Million In Its IPO PRA International Inc., a McLean company that manages clinical trials for drug companies worldwide, said it raised \$68.4 million yesterday in its initial public offering.
0	Redrawing the Middle East Two articles appeared side by side on September 21 in newspapers across America. The first contained an update on Irans efforts to produce enriched uranium for nuclear powered plants to meet its growing energy needs.
0	Berlusconi shrugs off fears of new terror threat after Sardinia bomb scare Silvio Berlusconi brushed off fears yesterday of a fresh terrorist threat in Italy, insisting he would finish his holiday in Sardinia despite a bomb scare in the seaside town where Tony Blair ended a flying visit yesterday. 
3	Discovery of water on Mars tops scientific achievements of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The discovery of water on Mars was the scientific breakthrough of 2004, according to one of the world #39;s leading science journals.
1	Northwestern Barred The Northwestern boys' basketball team has been barred from postseason play after an infractions committee found they violated state rules for the third consecutive year.
0	Top Worldwide Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s Tawhid wal- Jihad group has declared its allegiance to the al-Qaeda terrorist network, according to a statement posted on an Islamist Web site.
0	Two  #39;collaborators #39; are killed JERUSALEM - Masked Palestinian gunmen killed a suspected collaborator in a public square in Tulkarem in the West Bank yesterday, throwing the bound man from their vehicle and shooting him before hundreds of schoolchildren and other onlookers, witnesses 
3	1st European Moon probe enters orbit Europe #39;s first Moon probe, SMART-1, was put into its lunar orbit on Monday evening as planned, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced here Tuesday.
2	TD Bank to buy New England retail bank Banknorth for \$3.8 billion &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - TD Bank confirmed Thursday it will buy mid-sized New England retail bank Banknorth for \$3.8 billion US in a cash-and-shares deal.
0	Suicide Car Bomber Hits Baghdad Checkpoint Again A suicide car bomber struck at an entrance to Baghdad #39;s Green Zone government compound on Tuesday, 24 hours after an almost identical attack on the same checkpoint, a US military spokesman and Iraqi police said.
0	UN man backs Darfur autonomy The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
0	MTV Turns Up Celeb Heat in Sizzling Miami MIAMI - An already broiling Miami prepared for even more sizzle on Sunday as MTV brought the annual party known as the Video Music Awards to the city for the first time in the awards' 21-year history.    The change of scenery for the awards, typically held in New York or Los Angeles, helped raise the decadence level at the already raucous, celebrity-soaked affair...
1	Reds #39; bullpen struggles after lefty #39;s strong start The result, however, was all too familiar as the Reds fell to the Cardinals, 7-2, in the middle tilt of a three-game series at Busch Stadium on Tuesday evening. 
2	Bid-fixing claim shakes insurers Several years ago, the manager of a big insurance company received an odd request from a counterpart at Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker.
0	U.S. Now Said to Support Growth for Some West Bank Settlements The Bush administration, moving to lend support to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has approved growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
1	Dodgers Slay Giants in Crunch Pennant Game  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The Los Angeles Dodgers opened up  a 2 1/2 game lead in the National League West pennant race with  a 7-4 victory over title rivals the San Francisco Giants  Sunday.
0	Police Killed in Pre-Poll Chechnya Attacks -- Agency  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a police station and  voting centers in Russia's war-torn Chechnya, killing at least  11 people, Interfax news agency said Saturday.
0	Sluggish Frances Cuts Power to 2M in Fla. FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Massive Hurricane Frances trudged toward land with 105 mph wind and pelting rain late Saturday, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees...
3	Science: The Earth Explores Cassini Data The Cassini spacecraft has sent back images of Saturn #39;s moon Titan giving scientists the closest views yet of the mysterious satellite.
0	Revealing Hospital Gowns Redesigned PORTLAND, Maine - Whether its blue or spotted or stripped, the standard issue hospital gown is drafty and revealing. It's embarrassing for just about anyone who's spent a night in a medical center...
0	Hurricane Ivan Continues To Churn Towards The Caribbean MIAMI, FL, Tues. Sept. 7: Dangerous Hurricane Ivan maintained its intensity at 11 pm last night churning just about 210 miles... A hurricane warning remained in effect for Barbados last night along with St.
3	Microsoft, Swatch Offer New Wireless Watches (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  and watch\maker Swatch  are offering a new line of wireless data\watches, the companies said on Wednesday, bringing the era of\Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
0	Many Beslan victims gravely ill Fifty victims of the Beslan school siege remain in a serious condition in Moscow hospitals.
3	Microsoft Ups The Spam War Ante The vendor adds to its growing list of spam lawsuits one aimed at a service provider that hosts spammers. By Thomas Claburn. Cheapbulletproof.
2	Vivendi losses surge PARIS, Sept 14 (AFP) - French media giant Vivendi Universal on Tuesday reported a surge in its net loss so far this year but forecast a sharp turnaround in its finances for all of 2004.
0	In J amp;K, Patil greeted with snubs, violence Srinagar: Home Minister Shivraj Patil, who is on a visit to Jammu and Kashmir, (J amp;K) was greeted with violent incidents across the state soon after he landed here with a delegation of ministers and bureaucrats, including Gulam Nabi Azad, Sriprakash 
1	LA #39;s Green sits out game The Los Angeles Dodgers #39; struggle to hold off San Francisco in the National League West is nothing compared to the individual trial of star first baseman Shawn Green.
0	Progress is cited in N. Ireland peace talks LONDON -- Three days of talks aimed at breaking a two-year deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process ended yesterday without a deal, but with officials expressing confidence of progress on the key issue of disarming the Irish Republican Army.
3	Future path of Windows Server outlined Microsoft #39;s Windows Server team has issued a road map for server products in 2005, indicating no changes to the most recent projected delivery dates for the next version of Windows Server 2003 and beyond.
0	Quebec accountant convicted of defrauding nuns gets house arrest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - A 68-year-old accountant convicted of taking part in a scheme to defraud Roman Catholic nuns of  #36;100 million was sentenced Friday to two years' house arrest.
0	British, Irish leaders unveil Northern Ireland peace package &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The British and Irish prime ministers unveiled a sweeping new Northern Ireland peace plan Wednesday that offered solutions to issues -articularly Irish 
3	Dell angles for the best seat in the living room ROUND ROCK, Texas--Dell plans to continue expanding its stable of consumer electronics products and services throughout the rest of the year, looking to the gear to help it generate new customers and ultimately to sell more PCs.
0	Dashing former England midfielder Weller dies (AFP) AFP - Former England international midfielder Keith Weller has died aged 58 after a long battle with cancer.
2	Sears goes to Lands #39; End to boost Web site Sears Roebuck and Co. goofed its rollout of Lands #39; End apparel in Sears stores, but it #39;s counting on winning the online war with Lands #39; End #39;s unique shopping technology.
0	Kidnappers treat  quot;well with a lot of respect quot; during captivity ROME, Sept 29 (AFP):One of two Italian women released after three weeks captivity in Iraq said she was ready to go back to the war-wracked country to continue her aid work, and told of being given sweets by her kidnappers as a farewell gift.
1	TRESCOTHICK: WE ARE A TEAM OF FIGHTERS England will go into their winter break with Marcus Trescothick predicting their one-day line-up can bounce back from the heartbreak of their ICC Champions Trophy final defeat.
1	Steroid Row Mostly Forgotten as Bonds Wows Fans  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds failed to lift the  San Francisco Giants to victory against title rivals the Los  Angeles Dodgers Sunday, although he did cap a revitalization of  his reputation in his last home game of the regular season.
3	Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160M in Cash Internet portal Yahoo Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Launch, Yahoo #39;s digital music site.
2	Markets Cheer Lifting of Gazprom Ring Fence The moment investors have been awaiting for years came unexpectedly Tuesday, when President Vladimir Putin backed plans to lift rules banning foreigners from buying local Gazprom shares.
1	Defense deservedly proud of its contribution Florida State players are rapidly learning than an excellent defense can cover up a multitude of mistakes. The Seminoles received yet another strong performance from their 
3	The problem with M. Night Shyamalan Since his breakthrough film 'The Sixth Sense', director M. Night Shyamalan has made three more films culminating in the recently released 'The Village'. This is a look at what keeps the director from greatness via a discussion of the twists and plot devices he has become known for. Be warned, in discussing them, I pretty much give away every twist he's ever done. **SPOILERS ABOUND**
2	Telkom welcomes BEE deal, shares soar Following Monday #39;s announcement that a black economic empowerment (BEE) consortium had concluded an agreement to acquire the remaining 15.
2	Kettle crew not on Target The Salvation Army #39;s red kettles are being banned from collecting outside Target #39;s 1,313 stores nationwide, costing the charitable organization an estimated \$9 million in holiday donations and 
1	Sachin Is Finally Out Of Champions Trophy London, Sept. 4 (NNN): Master-blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar was finally ruled out of the International Cricket Council (ICC) Champions Trophy starting here on September 10.
2	Construction driving solid product demand SURGING demand in heavy construction should outweigh any downturn in new home building, according to OneSteel and Boral. 
2	Builders put energy into being efficient  quot;Feel that breeze? quot; Sargent said. The draft #39;s cooling effect didn #39;t happen by accident. Sargent pointed out large casement windows that swing out, catching the prevailing southern winds, and 
2	China to discuss Cuba investments China's President in Hu is in Havana for talks expected to centre on Chinese investment in Cuba's metal and telecoms.
1	Bonds Could Have Unknowingly Taken Steroids Barry Bonds took creams and oils that could have contained steroids, but did so unknowingly out of blind faith in his trainer and best friend, the baseball player #39;s lawyer said on Friday.
2	Court Rules RIM Infringed on NTP Patent TORONTO - A US appeals court ruled Tuesday that Research In Motion, maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, infringed on another company #39;s patent - but sent the case back to a lower court for some of the claims to be reconsidered.
0	Crazy Horse Kin Want Strip Club Renamed (AP) AP - Descendants of the native American warrior Crazy Horse want a change in the famed Paris strip club named after him.
3	Copernic Desktop Search for Mozilla Firefox Copernic Desktop Search for Mozilla Firefox \\Copernic today announced the availability of a new version (1.2) of its Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) product that fully supports the Mozilla Firefox Web browser. Copernic claims to be the first desktop search tool which works with Mozilla Firefox.CDS 1.2 also features up to ...
2	Ion Appoints Outside Managers After Banks Cut Credit (Update3) Ion Ltd., an Australian auto parts maker that supplies Ford Motor Co., appointed outside managers after banks cut off its credit because it spent too much expanding in the US and Australia.
0	Britain: Kidnapped Aid Worker Likely Dead Dental records have shown that a mutilated body found in Iraq is not that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, but British officials say they still believe the British-Irish citizen is dead.
3	Microsoft #39;s Biz IM Server Goes Gold After nearly six months of beta testing, Microsoft #39;s Office Live Communications Server 2005 is ready for prime time. The next iteration of Redmond #39;s enterprise instant messaging product was released to manufacturers 
2	Conoco buys stake in Russian oil giant US oil giant ConocoPhillips has announced a \$US2.4billion (\$3.3billion) strategic alliance with Russia #39;s largest oil company, Lukoil, under which Conoco will buy a 7.6per cent stake in the Russian company and get a share of joint projects.
1	NHL Lockout at a glance The NHL said Wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective Thursday -- the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement.
2	Ford Rises 2.7 Percent Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; rose  2.7 percent before the bell Tuesday after it reported a  higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in its  finance arm once again offset losses in its automotive  business.
2	Wal-Mart, Target pull sector into red CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Retail stocks fell Monday after Wal-Mart cut its August sales forecast, casting a pall over expectations for consumer spending during the back-to-school season.
2	Casino-hotel workers make deal Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
3	Searching for Substance: Web Browser Olympic Scorecard Nigel McFarlane boils down all the competition between browsers into a single score for each browser. Take this article to your local second-hand browser dealer to test his honesty.
2	Cytec to Buy UCB Chemicals Business for EU1.5 Billion (Update2) Cytec Industries Inc., a US maker of materials for the aerospace and car industries, agreed to buy the chemicals operations of UCB SA, Belgium #39;s largest drugmaker, for 1.5 billion euros (\$1.
2	Drop in Oil Nudges Shares Higher on a Quiet Trading Day Stocks rallied in quiet trading, as oil prices fell for a fourth consecutive day and a pair of government reports gave a mixed picture of the economy.
2	Mining firm rejects Xstrata bid WMC, the Australian mining firm, turns down a \$5.5bn bid from Swiss company Xstrata but says it is willing to hold talks on a deal.
1	Liverpool confirm Cisse out for season Liverpool and France striker Djibril Cisse has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw at Blackburn Rovers.
2	Nikkei Up Over 1 Percent at Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei stock average rose 1.02  percent by midsession on Monday as investors were encouraged to  seek bargains by a recovery in U.S. stocks after crude oil  prices retreated from record highs.
0	Intelligence reform stalls in US Congress (AFP) AFP - Legislation to reform the US intelligence system after the September 11 attacks and failures in Iraq has fallen victim to partisan wrangling, endangering lawmakers' goal of sending a bill to the White House before the November 2 election.
1	Kazmir Shocks Red Sox With 9 Strikeouts As he took the mound to start the fifth inning Tuesday night, 20-year-old Scott Kazmir caught himself getting caught up in the moment.
2	AUSTRALIA PRESS: Malone Snaps Up Bigger News Corp Stake SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--US cable television mogul John Malone has swooped on a large parcel of News Corp. #39;s (NCP) voting stock, upsetting the balance of power inside the global media company on the eve of its long-awaited incorporation in the US, the Sydney 
0	Blast at Market in Southern Philippines Kills 13  MANILA (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people  and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and  witnesses said.
3	Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal China's largest PC maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for up to \$2 billion.
3	Mount St. Helens Packs Natural Arsenal (AP) AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
2	Cash America expands to California Fort Worth-based Cash America International Inc. (NYSE: PWN) said Monday that it bought the operations of 32 cash advance locations in Southern California.
0	Cambodia seen as potential terror haven Cambodia needs international help in erecting defences against terrorism or it could become a safe haven for al Qaeda and similar groups, Chile #39;s UN ambassador has warned.
0	Rescuers reach Turkey fire miners Rescuers start evacuating about 30 workers who  were trapped by a fire in a copper mine tunnel in north-western Turkey.
0	Bush, Kerry skirt thorny Taiwan question in polls run-up (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry have conveniently avoided public debate on Taiwan ahead of the November 2 presidential vote but analysts expect differences on the core issue in difficult US-China relations.
2	Convictions in Enron fraud trial Four former Merrill Lynch employees and an ex-Enron executive are found guilty of artificially inflating the energy firm's profits.
2	EU calls dollar's weakness 'unwelcome' The euro's growing strength against the US dollar is  quot;unwelcome, quot; the European Central Bank chief said yesterday as the 12-nation European currency hovered just below a record high.
1	Nuggets in land of the lost What once looked a like a promising Denver Nuggets season rapidly is going into the deep freeze. On Tuesday night at the Pepsi Center, the Nuggets were crushed by, egads, the Seattle SuperSonics 108-88.
1	NHL, NHLPA to resume bargaining talks next Thursday in Toronto NEW YORK (CP) - The NHL Players #39; Association made the biggest move of the 2-month-old lockout Thursday, inviting the NHL back to the negotiating table with the lure of a new proposal.
0	Rover data makes return a must Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its unique landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life, scientists say.
1	Argentina vs. Tunisia in Confederations Cup opener Argentina will play African champion Tunisia at Cologne on June 15 in the opener of the Confederations Cup, which Germany will use to prepare for hosting the 2006 World Cup.
0	Iran rejects IAEA nuclear demands, says ready for confrontation or &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TEHRAN (AFP) - Iranian officials said they will not bow to international demands for Tehran to suspend its controversial uranium enrichment activities, saying they were ready for confrontation or negotiation.
3	Thousands of Dell adapters recalled for risk of fire, shock from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dell Inc. is recalling about 990,000 AC adapters used with notebook personal computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock hazard, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said Friday.
3	PalmSource #39;s BlackBerry effort bears fruit This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. PalmSource said on Tuesday that it is releasing the e-mail application interface needed 
3	Bill imposes prison time over  #39;spyware #39; The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
1	Liberty Beats Sun 69-66 to Reach Playoffs (AP) AP - Crystal Robinson scored a season-high 22 points and paced a 12-0 run that helped the New York Liberty gain a playoff berth in the WNBA with a 69-66 victory Friday night over the Connecticut Sun.
0	Ba #39;asyir transferred to Cipinang, formal charges expected in days Investigators submitted the case file on cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir to prosecutors on Wednesday, paving the way for his trial on charges of involvement in a string of terrorist attacks across the country.
3	Smile Pretty for the Cell Phone Thanks to digital cameras, picture taking has been revitalized. At this year #39;s Photokina, the world #39;s largest photography trade fair, digital cameras dominate the picture.
3	Google Browser May Be Reality Google Browser May Become Reality\\There has been much fanfare in the Mozilla fan camps about the possibility of Google using Mozilla browser technology to produce a GBrowser - the Google Browser. Over the past two weeks, the news and speculation has escalated to the point where even Google itself is ...
0	Video: Kidnapped Turkish Driver Beheaded CAIRO, Egypt Oct. 14, 2004 - A man identified as a Turkish truck driver kidnapped in Iraq was beheaded in a video shown on an Islamic Web site Thursday.
2	Tiffany Posts Unexpected Dip in Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Luxury jeweler Tiffany   Co.    on  Thursday posted an unexpected drop in quarterly earnings and  slashed its profit forecast, as weak silver jewelry sales in  Japan and higher diamonds and precious metals costs more than  offset improved U.S. sales.
0	Eight US Marines Killed, Nine Wounded in Iraq Eight US marines were killed and nine wounded in action west of Baghdad Saturday, the US military said. It gave no details on the circumstances of the deaths, which it said occurred in 
0	Silent Night, Deadly Night On the night her world changed forever, Rashida Bee was 28 years old and had already been married for more than half her life. Her parents, traditional Muslims, had selected her husband for her when she was 13.
2	LA Firm agrees to buy Harrah #39;s, Caesars properties An affiliate of Colony Capital has agreed to buy four properties from Caesars Entertainment Inc. and Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc.
1	Hewitt goes through in Washington Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla.
2	WTO OKs Trade Sanctions Against U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - The European Union and its  allies got\the go-ahead on Tuesday to impose some  #36;150 million in\sanctions on U.S. goods in a dispute that could stir trade\tensions ahead of the U.S. elections.
1	Seahawks Look Like They Are in a Funk (AP) AP - Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle's defense, slowed by injuries, didn't look so vulnerable through the first three weeks.
1	First-rate at second Just minutes after the Red Sox acquired him last December from the Rockies, Mark Bellhorn declared that he planned to wage an all-out effort to win the job as the starting second baseman. Little did he know the Sox would sign Pokey Reese a week later and all but hand Reese the job. And few observers seemed to believe that ...
2	Softbank, Dentsu, Nippon Meat to Join Nikkei 225 Next Month Softbank Corp., Dentsu Inc. and Nippon Meat Packers Inc. will be added to the Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the compiler of the 55-year-old benchmark said.
0	Hong Kong pro-Beijing politicians accuse opponents of misleading public over sex scandal Human rights activists on Wednesday condemned the detention of a Hong Kong pro-democracy politician for allegedly having sex with a prostitute, and his sentencing without trial to six months of  quot;re-education through labor. quot; ...
3	Apple no longer reviewing itself Apple Computer is still the apple of its own eye, but the company is trying to take a more modest tack with the public. Missing Links
1	Mainz a pleasant surprise Gelsenkirchen, Germany (Sports Network) - Mainz has shocked everyone in the Bundesliga this season. The newcomers, who were expected to finish near the bottom of the table, are currently stationed in third.
1	McCULLUM LEADS NEW ZEALAND CHARGE Brendon McCullum produced an outstanding 143 as New Zealand moved into a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
1	Barca and Real go top in Spainish league England captain David Beckham and former Celtic favourite Henrik Larsson scored winning goals for their respective teams to put Real Madrid and Barcelona on top of the Spanish league.
3	Cobb: Judge gets textbook case The arguments have been made, and now a judge must decide: Do disclaimers Cobb County stuck in its science textbooks two years ago - calling evolution a  quot;theory, not a fact quot; -iolate the principle of separation between church and state?
3	Agriculture Dept. Offers Grouse Funding (AP) AP - The Agriculture Department offered  #36;2 million Thursday to help private land owners in four Western states protect the habitat of the sage grouse.
3	Nokia Signs Up for SD Memory Card Bowing to the growing popularity of the Secure Digital memory card standard, Nokia has signed a licensing agreement to use SD cards in its cell phones.
1	It #39;s time for some fans to pay a high price On the day the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit clowns were charged with various crimes against civility, Indiana guard Anthony Johnson put the whole sad, absurd thing into perspective.
2	Microsoft 'warns of Linux claims' Microsoft tells Asian leaders that they could face intellectual property rights claims if they use free Linux software, a report says.
3	U.S. Technologies Stock Delisted After Fraud U.S. Technologies Inc., a once high-flying Washington firm, ceased to exist as a publicly traded company when its stock was de-registered yesterday, four months after chief executive C. Gregory Earls was convicted of defrauding investors of \$13.8 million. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	No More QB Controversy in Miami: Fiedler Goes on IR  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay  Fiedler was placed on injured reserve Tuesday with a herniated  disk in his neck, ending his 2004 season.
3	NASA's Rovers Still Exploring Mars (AP) AP - A year after the first of NASA's twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists on Monday celebrated the robotic explorers that were supposed to last only about three months but are still roaming a planet with a reputation for swallowing spacecraft.
2	Wal-Mart September Sales Up 2.4 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open  at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher  than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its  forecast range.
0	Trade to Dominate Bush's Farm Agenda (AP) AP - President Bush will begin a second term barely a year after the United States had its first case of mad cow disease and as Japan and other countries maintain bans on U.S. beef.
1	Missouri basketball program sanctioned by NCAA Columbia, MO (Sports Network) - The Missouri basketball program has been placed on probation for three years and will face limits on recruiting, scholarships and official visits for violating NCAA rules.
2	UPS to Pay \$100 Million for China Network United Parcel Service Inc. said on Thursday it will pay \$100 million to take over most of the international express delivery operations of its Chinese partner, Sinotrans.
2	Daimler Chrysler Asked To Recall 600,000 Vehicles Federal safety regulators have asked Daimler Chrysler AG to recall 600,000 vehicles, because their wheels could fall off. The vehicles in question are 2000 through 2003 Dodge Durango SUV #39;s and Dakota pick-up trucks.
0	Digital sales honour for OutKast OutKast become the first act to be awarded a multi-platinum award for paid-for music downloads.
3	Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul (news - web sites) II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
0	Stocks Slide on Oil Prices, Earnings NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks lower Tuesday as oil prices crossed another milestone, \$54 per barrel. Earnings reports from heavyweights Johnson   Johnson and Merrill Lynch   Co...
3	Branson #39;s  #39;Enterprise #39; Brings Final Frontier Within Reach Richard Branson has announced plans for the VSS (Virgin Space Ship) Enterprise, the first of several planned  quot;space liners quot; to be built with a total investment of \$110 million.
3	Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 takes off Mozillas latest launch, the standalone Thunderbird 0.9 email client, has captured the attention of the mainstream media who are happily trumpeting its arrival and linking it to the hugely popular Firefox browser, which is giving Microsofts Internet 
1	Olympic diary: Day seven British support in the badminton arena on Thursday caught everyone by surprise, not least the Chinese. 
0	UK Conservatives Turn to Iraq in Bid to Hurt Blair (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Conservative\leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair\over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the\prime minister from office in the next election.
3	Tokyo Edge: New Choices in Digital Entertainment (PC World) PC World - PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.
2	High Court ruling opens banks to new card issuers The US Supreme Court rejected appeals by Visa and MasterCard to overturn a ruling that they violated antitrust rules by barring banks from issuing cards on rival networks.
2	Deep-rooted debate stirs up Christmas tree growers ATLANTA - Shirley Mansour looks dubious as she examines the plastic needles on the 9-foot Sedona pine.  quot;I #39;m not sure I really want to do this, quot; she says, circling the \$337.50 artificial tree at the Seasonal Concepts store in Roswell, Ga.
1	White pays for harsh words THERE are times when the game is truly worth the candle, when you are in the stadium and conscious of the privilege. It was like that at Lansdowne Road yesterday as Ireland produced one of their great performances 
2	Jury rules for franchisees in Shell trial A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.
3	China Legalizes Electronic Signatures (AP) AP - China's parliament has legalized electronic signatures in an effort to boost its small but growing online commerce industry.
1	Ancira GMC Pontiac Buick (Sports Network) - Ben Wallace will return to fold for Detroit tonight, when the Pistons begin a tough three-game homestand against the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
2	Cable  amp; Wireless sets up US\$1m relief fund THE LEADING communications provider in the Caribbean, Cable  amp; Wireless, has announced the establishment of a US\$1 million relief fund to assist victims of Hurricane Ivan.
0	Car bomb kills 8 in Baghdad Two blasts have shaken separate areas of central Baghdad, with one car bomb blast near the heavily defended Green Zone killing at least eight people and wounding 30, doctors and witnesses say.
0	Clinton Breathing on Own After Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was described as doing well Tuesday, breathing on his own as he recovers from an operation to relieve arteries so severely clogged that he was in imminent danger of a major heart attack.    He was taken off his respirator Monday night - a crucial step in his recovery, Dr...
1	Austin Wins Buick Invitational The Derby native rebounded from a bogey on the final hole of regulation Sunday to birdie the first hole of a sudden-death playoff with Tim Herron and win the \$4.
0	Memos Show Bush Suspended From Flying WASHINGTON - Newly unearthed memos state George W. Bush was suspended from flying for the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war because he failed to meet Guard standards and failed to take his annual flight physical as required...
3	Flying taxis to hit cities  #39;within five years #39; The makers of a British designed  quot;Jetpod quot; taxi, which they hope to introduce to British cities within five years, insist they will definitely take you to your destination by the shortest route - at 350 mph.
2	Update 2: Novell Files Additional Suit Vs. Microsoft Less than a week after a collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
0	Australians may have been target of bombing: Minister The Foreign Minister says Australians may have been the target of a suicide car bombing in Baghdad which injured three Australian soldiers.
2	Judge Orders Martha Stewart to Surrender NEW YORK -- A federal judge today ordered Martha Stewart to surrender for prison by October 8th, granting a request by the celebrity homemaker to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
2	UPDATE 1-SEC steps up probe of Krispy Kreme US securities regulators have ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut franchises, the company said on Friday.
3	China To Severely Punish Internet Porn Producers China is cracking down on people who engage in the production of pornographic materials by means of the internet, mobile communication terminals and  quot;phone-sex quot;, according to a report by Xinhua news agency.
0	Bank bomb blasts kill one A series of bombings ripped through three banks Wednesday in downtown Buenos Aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
3	Building Space Houses On Earth An ESA-designed house that uses technology designed for space could become the basis of the new German Antarctic station, Neumayer-III. The new station has to meet stringent laws set up to protect the Antarctic environment, which is where the use of space technology comes in.
3	The Balance Factor: Can You Handle Zero G? (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Floating around an airplane unhampered by gravity may sound like a blast, but only as long as you take precautions to keep your lunch in your stomach.
0	Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail Thirty-five Pakistanis freed from the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further interrogation, the interior minister said.
1	De Bruijn Leads the Way in 100 Freestyle Heats  ATHENS (Reuters) - Triple Sydney Olympic champion Inge de  Bruijn, who lost her 100 meters butterfly title on Sunday,  posted the fastest heat time as she opened the defense of her  100 freestyle crown on Wednesday.
0	Bush, Kerry Trade Charges Before Debate (AP) AP - In a last-minute flurry of accusations before their final debate, John Kerry tried to tie President Bush to record oil prices while the president charged that his Democratic opponent has totally misunderstood the war on terror.
0	Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran is ready to provide "guarantees" it won't seek nuclear weapons, President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday, urging the United Nations' nuclear watchdog agency to close its investigation into the country's program when it meets next month.    The United States, which says Iran is trying to develop weapons, is pushing the International Atomic Energy Agency to refer Tehran to the U.N...
2	A video game guide for the holidays Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal ( Sony ) System: Playstation 2
3	Samsung Debuts Thumbnail Mobile Phone Memory Card At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of reduced-size multimedia cards currently in use. The MMCmicro can read at 10 Mbps and write at 7 Mbps.
2	Holiday shoppers hospitalized after spray released in toy store The holiday shopping season got an unexpected twist of craziness Saturday when someone released pepper spray in an elevator at the Toys R Us store in Times Square, sending at least three people 
3	Microsoft Fixes ISA Server Spoofing Flaw A bug in Microsoft #39;s Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2 can let hackers spoof Web content, such as a trusted site, with their own fake content, the Redmond 
1	A Raider defense that fit the Bill At times during Sunday #39;s 13-10 victory over the Buffalo Bills, some of the Raiders were Xs when they should have been Os and still turned the outcome into a plus.
3	Smart Web - Looking Into the Future Alexander Linden, a prominent Gartner Research analyst will be talking about the future later this week in Cannes, France. Smart Web was held ahead of this week #39;s ITXpo symposium, an annual event held to identify the future of technology.
3	E-mail scam plays on US elections People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to part them from their cash.
1	Red Sox #39;s Feat: As far back as I can remember In the world of sports, when a great feat is accomplished, sometimes it takes a while for everything to set in and for people to gain a full appreciation for what just transpired.
3	Mild El Nino Developing in Pacific (AP) AP - A mild El Nino is developing in the Pacific Ocean, climate experts said Friday. El Ninos can affect weather in other areas, sometimes worldwide.
1	Fergie Hails Footballing  #39;Eccentric #39; Clough Sir Alex Ferguson tonight hailed Brian Clough as a great footballing eccentric and a fantastic manager following the death of his old sparring partner.
0	IRAQ VIOLANTE DO NOT SURRENDER TO TERROR BLACKMAIL (AGI)  Rome, Italy, Aug 24  The president of the Left Democrat MPs, Luciano Violante, speaking of the abduction of the Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni in Iraq said that it was necessary not to surrender to the blackmail of terrorists.
2	Theme park meets office Forget foosball. Just like the 40 designers and engineers at IDEO, the firm has to work. The black foam cubes hanging from the ceiling are playful, but they also muffle sound. Spandex eye screens, looking like kites floating above individual work spaces, shield works-in-progress from passersby. Lumasite panels set on wheels, not quite transparent, provide privacy when needed -- then ...
2	Fettig: High Costs Put Whirpool Earnings Through Wringer The chill wafting over Whirlpool (nyse: WHR - news - people ) isn #39;t coming from its freezers. The home appliance maker posted lower-than-expected third-quarter earnings, cut its full-year forecast and said 
0	Hostage murder to hurt Koizumi JAPAN #39;S troop deployment in Iraq beyond December is at risk as Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi braces for a wave of public anger over the nightmare ending to the country #39;s second Baghdad hostage crisis.
0	N. Korea offers remains it says are Yokota #39;s During a week of talks, Pyongyang sticks to its argument on the fate of 10 missing Japanese. Japanese delegates returned from Pyongyang on Monday with what North Korea says are personal belongings of missing 
2	US Airways, attendants in tentative accord US Airways and its flight attendants appeared closer to agreement Friday after union negotiators approved a tentative contract. The new pact, which now must be approved by the group #39;s 5,400 members, calls 
0	Canada's Barrick Gold acquires nine per cent stake in Celtic Resources (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Canada's Barrick Gold Corp. said Thursday it was acquiring a nine per cent stake in London-based Celtic Resources Holding Ltd., in a deal that potentially gives the Canadian gold giant major clout ahead of next year's auction of Russia's biggest gold deposit.
3	Sun Delivers Solaris Flavor of JDS 2 Sun Microsystems has quietly delivered on its promise of a Solaris flavor of JDS (Java Desktop System), its alternative to Microsoft Windows.
0	Japan to Protest to China Over Intruder Submarine (Reuters) Reuters - A submarine that intruded into waters off\Japan earlier this week has been identified as Chinese, Japan's\top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday, adding\that Tokyo would protest to Beijing.
1	FA chiefs consider reprieve for Cahill TIM CAHILL could escape suspension for his controversial dismissal at Manchester City after pressure mounted on the FA and Premier League referee chiefs to rescind his second bookable  quot;offence quot;.
3	U.S. Searches Computers, Trying to Disrupt Piracy Federal authorities conducted six searches Wednesday in an attempt to disrupt a network used to trade copies of movies, software, games and music.
1	Defense can learn from poor 1st half CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- Here it was, just moments after Purdue #39;s skittish, too-close-for-comfort 38-30 victory over Illinois, and coach Joe Tiller and defensive coordinator Brock Spack were standing outside the visitor #39;s locker room and smiling.
0	Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.
1	Epstein brushes aside Pedro rips Over the last couple of days, former Red Sox ace Pedro Martinez certainly laid the groundwork for what could have been a pretty engaging war of words with his ex-employers.
1	1914 Baseball Card Set Sells for  #36;800,000 (AP) AP - A complete set of 1914 Cracker Jack baseball cards featuring "Shoeless" Joe Jackson and Ty Cobb has been sold for a record  #36;800,000.
2	Bin Laden Casts Shadow Over Stock Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A video appearance by al Qaeda leader  Osama bin Laden, in which he said the United States may face  renewed attacks, cast a shadow over the outlook for the U.S.  stock market, analysts said on Friday.
1	Fernando looking forward to the unique challenge of Monza The young Spaniard is looking forward to racing on the legendary Monza circuit, and will enjoy his time in Italy - it almost feels like home for him!
0	Blessings for Cambodia's King Norodom Sihamoni as coronation nears (AFP) AFP - Cambodia's new monarch King Norodom Sihamoni received blessings from top Buddhist monks and his parents ahead of his formal coronation ceremony, as Phnom Penh slipped into celebratory mode.
3	Bluetooth flying bot creates buzz The micro flyer is the next version of the robot by the Japanese technology firm that wowed crowds with last year. 
3	Sharp unveils its first Blu-ray Disc recorder The BD-HD100 will be the third recorder on the market to support the Blu-ray Disc format, which is one of two blue-laser based formats fighting to become the de-facto optical disc standard for high-definition video content.
0	Sudan in denial over Darfur rapes - UN official Sudan is in denial about the extent of rape in refugee camps in its traumatised Darfur region where fear and distrust of the government is pervasive, the United Nations #39; top human rights official says.
0	US firms prove green credentials Many US businesses are already introducing greenhouse gas reduction programs despite their government #39;s failure to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
3	Programs: New 'Silent Hill' Is Gruesome and Awesome  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - I hope the tenants at South  Ashfield Heights are getting cheap rents. The place is a mess:  The hallways aren't just filthy, they're splattered with blood.  Bloody handprints mark the walls opposite Room 302, which is  also the source of some verrrry strange noises.
1	CANAS CRUISES INTO FINAL Guillermo Canas on Saturday cruised past the only other seeded player remaining in the Heineken Open draw when he routed Jiri Novak to reach the final.
0	Karnataka to investigate political links of Veerappan Bangalore, Oct 19 - Within hours after the jungle terror unleashed by Veerappan was brought to an end with his killing, Karnataka Chief Minister N Dharam Singh today announced that a probe would be conducted to uncover the political patronage and 
3	Skulls program kills cell phone apps Virus writers are targeting Symbian-based cell phones with a Trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with images of skulls.
2	Ebookers job cuts reduce losses Internet-based holiday company Ebookers says cutting 360 jobs during the year has helped reduce its losses by 39.
1	Gasquet Upset Winner in France (AP) AP - Richard Gasquet of France upset seventh-seeded Dennis van Scheppingen of the Netherlands 6-3, 7-6 (5) Monday in the first round of the ATP Open de Moselle.
1	Thanks to Lima and Green, Dodgers Finally Have Some Life Jose Lima handled the pitching, Shawn Green handled the hitting, and the Los Angeles Dodgers handled the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday night.
0	Ankiel Throws Scoreless Inning for Cards Rick Ankiel walked off the mound after throwing a scoreless inning and was met with a rousing reception of high-fives and slaps on the back.    After more than three years away, the St...
1	D #39;backs snag Ortiz, too One day after they signed third baseman Troy Glaus to a \$45 million four- year deal, they handed former Giants pitcher Russ Ortiz, who spent the last two years in Atlanta, a four-year, \$33 million contract.
3	Sony To Sell MP3 Music Players in Japan Sony #39;s two MP3 players, the NW-HD3 with a 20-gigabyte hard-disk drive, and the NW-E99, with a built-in 1-gigabyte flash-memory chip, go on sale December 10 in Japan.
0	Barghouti Registers to Run for Palestinian President (Update1) Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the late Yasser Arafat #39;s Fatah faction who is serving a life sentence in an Israeli jail, is registering to run for president of the Palestinian Authority.
1	Raiders-Broncos Box Score Raiders -- FG Janikowski 35, 8:00. Drive: 4 plays, 3 yards in 1:35. Key Plays: Anderson 23-yard interception return to Denver 20. Raiders 3, Broncos 0. Broncos -- Putzier 12 pass from Plummer (Elam kick), 14:02.
0	Storms leave more than 600 dead in Philippines REAL, Philippines - Flash floods and landslides triggered by back-to-back storms that lashed the northeastern Philippines had killed more than 600 people by Friday, with nearly 400 still missing, military officials said.
3	Microsoft Sets 2006 Target for Next Windows Version  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday  it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but  scaled  back plans to include a new system for finding and storing  information in its flagship operating system.
3	Gates to tout network-management software Microsoft's chief software architect is expected to detail the company's long-term plan for trimming systems administration costs.
1	Wilkinson to miss England games England captain Jonny Wilkinson has been ruled out for four to six weeks with a haematoma in his right arm. The Newcastle fly-half looks certain to miss England #39;s game against Canada on 13 November, plus the 
3	Sony #39;s PSP Hits the Streets Long lines form in Japan where shoppers finally get their hands on the portable gaming device. Sony Computer Entertainment #39;s long-awaited PSP (PlayStation Portable) went on sale in Japan Sunday to long lines 
1	Closer Percival OKs \$12M Deal With Tigers DETROIT Nov 17, 2004 - Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agreed Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen.
1	New York files final bid for 2012 Olympics New York City submitted its formal plan Monday to host the 2012 Olympics, as the centerpiece of the bid, a West Side stadium, continues to spark heated exchanges.
1	Mourinho welcomes return to Barcelona stamping ground Jose Mourinho welcomed Chelsea #39;s high-profile Champions League tie against Barcelona on Friday, saying the match would be spectacular and close but Chelsea could shade it.
3	New Video Game Lets You Kill JFK  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; from Scottish videogame company Traffic Games lets you become Lee Harvey Oswald and recreate the assassination of JFK.
1	AS Roma feels sting of UEFA sanctions, including a forfeit loss UEFA imposes sanctions against AS Roma: Dynamo Kiev was given a 3-0 forfeit victory over AS Roma yesterday by Europe #39;s governing body for the sport.
2	Brazilians attack money laundering Brazilian police arrested more than 60 people yesterday in a massive operation to crack down on money laundering, targeting currency changers who illegally transfer money abroad.
0	Zimbabwe opposition to boycott elections until system changes Zimbabwe #39;s opposition party, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) announced yesterday that it will boycott all future elections until President Robert Mugabe #39;s government changes its electoral system, ends state violence and repeals repressive media 
3	BigFix eases enterprise deployment of SP2 BigFix, an enterprise security vendor, announced yesterday that its BigFix Enterprise Suite  quot;supports and simplifies quot; the deployment of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2). 
1	Things looking up for Cavs They #39;ve won three in a row and nine of the last 10 to improve to 9-4 overall. The Cavaliers are now 6-1 at the Gund. Only San Antonio, Seattle and Sacramento, who are undefeated at home, have better records in their home arenas.
1	China, Japan, Ukraine Take Women #39;s Wrestling Golds China #39;s Wang Xu captured gold in the 72-kilogram category, defeating Russian Gouzel Maniourova in the final Monday. Kyoko Hamaguchi of Japan took the bronze.
3	Sea Knowledge Not Very Deep An ambitious project to catalog life in the ocean shows that so far we've just scratched the surface. By Stephen Leahy.
3	AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks.
1	Injuries, frustration continue to mount in Miami Davie, FL (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins learned Monday that they could be without quarterbacks Jay Fiedler and AJ Feeley for this Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills.
2	Oil, Gas Prices Help Chevron Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - ChevronTexaco Corp., the No. 2\U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a rise in quarterly\profit, pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on\asset sales.
1	Johnson takes bitter-sweet win at Martinsville MARTINSVILLE, Va. - Jimmie Johnson won the Subway 500, and no one knows how he did it. The reasons for that are understandable. Seconds after winning for the sixth time, Johnson celebrated normally.
0	Bush hails Iraq debts reduction by Pairs Club The United States on Sunday applauded the decision by the Paris Club on slashing Iraq #39;s debts and urged other countries to follow suit.
3	Anger at greenhouse 'climbdown' A cap on industrial carbon dioxide emissions is to be cut back by the government, angering green groups.
3	Gates stumps in Silicon Valley Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
2	Asia Tech Stocks Weak, Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Weak tech stocks dragged Asian shares\lower on Thursday, outweighing the positive impact on exporters\of a dollar rebound, and knocking 1.2 percent off Tokyo shares\to threaten the biggest one-day fall since Nov. 22.
1	Rommedahl ensures local authority TO SAY THAT DENNIS ROMMEDAHL has failed to set the Premiership alight since joining Charlton Athletic from PSV Eindhoven in the summer for 2 million would be the understatement of this or any other season.
0	Blast in Turkish Resort City Kills One  ISTANBUL (Reuters) - An explosion rocked Turkey's  Mediterranean resort city of Antalya on Monday, killing one  person and injuring at least one other, police said.
0	Danforth resigns as US ambassador to United Nations (AFP) AFP - The US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, resigned less than six months after becoming the diplomatic face of Washington at the world body, the United States announced.
1	Team USA Says Labor Woes Won't Affect Cup (AP) AP - Team USA players promise NHL labor problems that could threaten the upcoming season won't be a distraction at the World Cup of Hockey.
0	Violence exposes Shi #39;ite divisions Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash 
2	Coke Enterprises NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Coca-Cola Enterprises managed to top its recently lowered third quarter profit outlook by a tad, but slumping sales and volume tugged its bottom line lower and should keep the bottler in the soup for the rest of the year.
0	Border Patrol Training Moves Near Mexico (AP) AP - Incoming Border Patrol agents will train closer to the U.S.-Mexican border when the federal government relocates their academy to Artesia, N.M., Customs and Border Protection announced Thursday.
2	Oil at New High Over \$49  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to fresh highs on  Friday, carrying U.S. crude over \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and unabated demand growth from  China and India.
0	Election will resonate beyond Australia The world is watching closely the outcome of an election campaign that has mostly dealt with bread-and-butter domestic issues, writes Tony Parkinson.
1	Biggest Bosh basher is Chris Chris Bosh needed a good talking to during halftime last night. He had sort of coasted through the opening half of the game against the Detroit Pistons, doing some good things here, some bad things there, some 
1	Patriots, Steelers rule AFC The top and bottom appears set, but theresa whole lot of middle ground left to cover. The New England Patriots hosted Buffalo last night and Philadelphia and Dallas round 
1	Zook to replace Turner as Illini head coach Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois #39; 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.
1	Pierce Knocked Out of Bell Challenge (AP) AP - Top-seeded Mary Pierce was knocked out of the Bell Challenge in the quarterfinal round Friday, losing 6-4, 7-6 to Russia's Alina Jidkova.
2	Radio's Stern reality I'll be back with the news about Howard Stern's planned departure to satellite radio. But first, this endless block of commercials and station promotions.
1	Golf: Europe go on charm offensive as Mickelson takes a day off BLOOMFIELD HILLS, United States : As Europe went on a charm offensive to win over the American fans, US captain Hal Sutton was coming to terms with Phil Mickelson #39;s decision not to practice.
1	Gators, Zook Never Quit After Ron Zook was fired Monday as the University of Florida #39;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
3	Sony Sings Off-Key The company that brought us the Walkman should be giving the iPod a run for its money. What happened? Perhaps you #39;ve caught a glimpse of Sony #39;s new digital music player, a sleek silver gizmo brandished in 
2	S P-500 Reaches Post-9/11 High Point Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard   Poor's 500-stock index to its highest point since Sept. 11, 2001, and pushing the blue chip Dow Jones industrial average back into positive territory for the year.
1	Roger Clemens' Leg Injury Isn't Serious (AP) AP - Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros' 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn't considered serious.
1	New WI heroes - Sunday 26, September-2004 WEST INDIES thrilling victory yesterday in the International Cricket Council Champions Trophy meant the world to the five million people of the Caribbean.
1	De Bruijn, Hall retain 50m titles DEFENDING champion Inge de Bruijn of Holland won the women #39;s 50m swim final in 24.58 seconds last night. It was the 30-year-old #39;s first gold in Athens and the fourth of her career.
0	US military launches attack outside Najaf shrine US troops and warplanes pounded Mehdi Army positions outside the Imam Ali mosque in Najaf early Sunday, US military officials said.
1	No. 2 Oklahoma Expects Good Oregon Team (AP) AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
1	NHL Fans Get a Ray of Hope in Ongoing Lockout Description: After months of stalemate and the loss of 400 games, players make a new offer to the National Hockey League involving acceptance of a 24 percent salary cut.
3	Creative plans US\$100m advertising campaign for its MP3 players Creative Chairman and CEO Sim Wong Hoo is aiming for a 40 percent share of the global market for MP3 players next year. To achieve its target, the Singapore-based company will 
1	Packers Beat Panthers 24-14 in Monday Night Opener (Update1) Ahman Green scored three touchdowns as the Green Bay Packers beat the defending NFC champion Carolina Panthers 24-14 on the road in the first Monday Night Football #39; #39; game of the season.
0	France #39;s  #39;Watergate #39; trial opens PARIS, Nov 15 (AFP) - In an affair described as France #39;s equivalent of Watergate, 12 former government officials and senior police officers go on trial in Paris Monday for running a phone-tapping operation which was used by the late president Francois 
3	Symbian Says Skulls May Not Be Malware Symbian Ltd., the London-based maker of the Symbian operating system used on high-end smart phones from a variety of manufacturers, says reports of malware may be premature.
1	U.S. Open: American Agony as Roddick, Agassi Go Out  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sweden's Joachim Johannson left Andy  Roddick shellshocked after beating the defending champion in  five sets on Thursday to reach the U.S. Open semi-finals.
2	Freeing the Grapes? It bothers Juanita Swedenburg that many of her customers are criminals in the eyes of the law. Swedenburg sells premium handmade wines from grapes that she grows on her 130-acre farm in northern Virginia, and 
0	MOFA denies dollar diplomacy claim Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen (  ) yesterday denied allegations that the ministry was conducting dollar diplomacy under the guise of foreign aid to Costa Rica.
2	Crude oil prices surge past \$55 a barrel Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 a barrel before sliding back in overnight trading Monday, amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
1	A Late Stage Entrance Pedro Martinez is no longer the focal point of the Boston Red Sox, nor even the staff ace, for that matter. Game 1 used to be his, automatically.
2	DLA and Piper Rudnick Combine to Create a Leading Global Legal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Law firms DLA and Piper Rudnick LLP today announce that they will merge. When combined, DLA, which has extensive coverage across Europe and Asia and is ranked seventh in the UK, and Piper Rudnick, one of the 
2	Business Sentiment Improves for First Time in Four Months The business sentiment index in the domestic economy has finally showed a mild upturn in the last four months. The Federation of Korean Industries (FKI) reported Sunday that,  quot;According to a survey conducted 
2	American Express to Eliminate 2,000 Jobs American Express Co. said Friday that it is eliminating about 2,000 jobs in a restructuring that will cost \$100 million to \$120 million in the fourth quarter before taxes, and is designed to save the financial 
0	Congress Passes Stop-Gap Measure to Fund Government (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Congress was forced to pass\a temporary measure keeping the government open on Wednesday\after one embarrassing clause allowing lawmakers to see\individual tax returns held up a crucial  #36;388 billion spending\bill.
3	Are Earthquakes Encouraged by High Tides? A new study indicates that very high tides are linked with substantial earthquakes along Earth's continental margins. Does the theory hold water?
0	Putin Makes First Visit to Turkey (AP) AP - Vladimir Putin headed to Turkey on Sunday for the first official visit by a Russian president, looking to boost a growing economic relationship that is turning a longtime foe into a newfound trading partner.
1	Artest Back in the Lineup for Pacers Ron Artest is cleared by his coach to play for the Pacers on Friday night after being benched for two games for asking for time off because of his busy schedule.
3	 quot;Beware of the End of the World (Wide Web), quot; Says Intel Sep 10, 2004 (financialwire.net via COMTEX) -- (FinancialWire) Remember those  quot;End of the World quot; signs? Well, Intel Corp.
3	Linux Standard Base Takes on Industry Fragmentation (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Analysts say a new standard version of Linux should go a long way to raise the platform's chances in the enterprise by improving open-source software's interoperability.
3	Voters see both sides online Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
1	Kite increases lead in Sonoma SONOMA, California (Ticker) - It wasn #39;t pretty, but it was enough to stay atop the leaderboard. Tom Kite increased his lead at the \$2.
1	Ganguly faces disciplinary hearing over dissent Indian captain Saurav Ganguly was summoned by the match referee for a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday for showing dissent during the second test against South Africa on Wednesday.
2	First Enron Trial May Show Wall Street #39;s Darker Side HOUSTON -- The darker side of Wall Street could come to light Monday as the criminal trial involving former Enron executives takes a look at the inner workings of the Wall Street investment banking business.
0	U.S. Commander Predicts Iraq Confrontation (AP) AP - The top U.S. commander in Iraq on Monday predicted a "major confrontation" on the streets of Fallujah as a U.S.-led force of as many as 15,000 troops pressed to retake control of the Sunni Muslim city.
1	Lauda says Red Bull should hire DC Three-time world champion Niki Lauda says Formula One #39;s new team Red Bull Racing should sign up David Coulthard. Austrian energy drink maker Red Bull bought the Jaguar team from Ford earlier this week, and 
2	Bush reform may have blue states seeing red President Bush #39;s  quot;revenue-neutral quot; tax reform needs losers to balance its winners, and people claiming the federal deduction for state and local taxes may be in administration planners #39; sights, news reports say.
2	Martha Stewart subscribers renewing at brisk pace New York (Dow Jones) -- Readers of Martha Stewart #39;s flagship magazine are renewing their subscriptions at a pace well ahead of industry norms.
3	News, Reviews, and Help for the MPX200, iPAQ h6315, and SmartPhone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Global mobile phone sales grew by 35 in the second quarter of 2004 compared with the same period last year, according to market monitors Gartner.
3	Footprints on the Moon The Moon offers a unique preserved laboratory free from the weathering that ages the record of how life arose on Earth. Studying radiation and polar craters may be targets for the next human or robotic missions.
0	Japan #39;s IT companies say no major damage after quakes Japan #39;s major electronics companies had found no serious damage to their facilities after a series of powerful earthquakes shook Niigata prefecture, northwest of Tokyo.
2	Yukos Ordered To Pay \$1.3 Billion in Tax Debt The Russian government is demanding a total of \$4.09 billion for 2001 from Yukos. Apart from the fines, more than \$3 billion in back taxes are being docked from the oil giant #39;s frozen accounts.
1	Purpura replaces Hunsicker as Astros GM Tim Purpura became general manager of the Houston Astros Monday, replacing Gerry Hunsicker, who resigned. Purpura had been the team #39;s assistant GM and director of player development.
3	Microsoft moves in on music downloads &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; No Apple turnover, this time
0	Kerry Promises Protection for Consumers (AP) AP - With promises to curb credit card fees and protect home buyers and military families from unfair lending practices, Democratic candidate John Kerry is making a pitch aimed squarely at voters' checkbooks.
2	Hong Kong Shares Rise Slightly Hong Kong shares rose slightly on Wednesday, tracking gains on Wall Street as the US Federal Reserve announced a rate hike. The blue-chip Hang Seng Index climbed 35.02 points, or 0.25 percent, to 14,078.54.
2	Unilever Profit Warning Hits Shares  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Food and consumer goods giant  Unilever cut its annual profit growth forecast by more than a  half on Monday, blaming wet weather which hit ice cream sales  and stiff competition in washing powders and soaps.
0	Nepal mosque stoned after Iraq killings Dozens of people have thrown stones at a mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
1	Wambach #39;s goal gives US women #39;s soccer gold medal Heraklio, Greece (Sports Network) - The old faces of US women #39;s soccer bid adieu, while the new faces introduced themselves in a gold-medal winning effort at the Athens Olympics on Thursday night at Karaiskaki Stadium.
3	TruSecure, Betrusted to merge and rename CNet News.com: Security companies TruSecure and Betrusted are expected to formally announce on Tuesday that they plan to merge and create a newly formed company called Cybertrust.
0	End armed chaos - Palestinian leader PLO leader Mahmud Abbas stepped up calls Friday to end  quot;armed chaos quot; engulfing the occupied territories, as the new Palestinian leadership readied the ground for presidential elections in January.
2	Textile Makers Fight for Limits The US textile industry said yesterday that it is formally asking the Bush administration to cap China #39;s shipments of trousers, shirts, sheets and other textile items to the United States, warning 
3	Google Sets Price of  #36;85 in  #36;1.67 Bln IPO (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. on Wednesday\said it priced its long-awaited initial public offering at  #36;85\per share, far below initial expectations, ending a tumultuous\process beset by poor market conditions and a series of\missteps.
2	DreamWorks Animation Will Sell 29 Million Shares Katzenberg is taking the animation unit public in a year that has seen box office success for the studio:  quot;Shrek 2 quot; has brought in \$876.
2	South Korea expected to gain from Singapore service sectors Korea will have a lot to gain from closer ties with Singapore #39;s advanced service and financial sectors, while Singapore can capitalize on Korea #39;s efficient logistics system following the inking of the bilateral free-trade agreement, a Singaporean business 
3	Vodafone, Nokia Team Up for Simpler Mobile Software  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Mobile phone giants Vodafone and  Nokia teamed up on Thursday to simplify software for cell  phones written with the Java computer language that promises to  bring cheaper, smarter handsets.
1	British rower Pinsent retires CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Four-time Olympic rowing champion Matthew Pinsent announced his retirement from the sport on Tuesday. Pinsent, 34, captured his most recent gold medal by winning the coxless fours event in Athens this past August.
3	Microsoft security updates Microsoft has released fresh security updates for Office, and an update to its MSN messenger application. The MSN Messenger update brings the product to version 4.0.
0	Egypt to let foreign companies manage state enterprises (AFP) AFP - Egypt is ready to let foreign companies manage state-owned businesses but will not give up control of those it sees as strategic, President Hosni Mubarak's spokesman said.
0	International Donors Warn Sri Lankan Government About Disrupting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States and two other international donors have criticized Sri Lanka #39;s coalition government, after one of its partners made statements the donors say could disrupt efforts to restart peace talks with separatist rebels.
1	Astros #39; Kent delivers, pleads for  #39;one more #39; He breaks up a scoreless tie with a three-run, ninth-inning homer to give Houston the victory and a 3-2 series edge on St. Louis. HOUSTON -- On a night when pitching suddenly took over the National League playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit.
1	Schumacher Clinches Season Title Michael Schumacher finished second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, scoring enough points to clinch an unprecedented seventh Formula One drivers' title.
1	Lara #39;s captaincy on the line at Oval West Indies captain Brian Lara tips his helmet to the fans after becoming one of only four players to reach ten thousand runs in Test matches. Picture:AP ...
0	Beijing to Install Condom Machines to Fight AIDS (Reuters) Reuters - Beijing will install about 1,000 condom\vending machines in hotels, bars, universities and on\construction sites in the Chinese capital this month to fight\the spread of AIDS, the official Xinhua news agency said on\Sunday.
1	Zee TV to take legal recourse Zee TV Network has decided to take legal recourse in the battle over the controversial cricket telecast rights, as its board of directors has chosen not to submit fresh bids.
1	Powerball Jackpot Reaches \$127 Million UNITED STATES - (PRESS RELEASE) -- There were no Powerball jackpot winners Saturday but 649,059 players across the nation won a total of more than \$4.4 million in prizes in America #39;s Game.
0	Nigerian Woman Appeals Stoning Sentence Eighteen year-old Hajara Ibrahim waits at the court waiting room while a police officers stands guard in Dass, 40 km (25 miles) south of the state capital Bauchi Nigeria, Wednesday Oct. 27, 2004.
0	Rescue Teams Aid Hurricane Charley Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops were scattered across Florida to help residents rally from the brunt of Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the state in a dozen years...
2	US Jobless Claims Fell to Lowest Level in Six Weeks (Update2) The number of Americans filing first- time jobless claims declined to the lowest level in six weeks, suggesting an improving labor market, a government report showed.
2	29 Brokerage Firms Fined In today #39;s fines, Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. was hit with the second largest, at US\$1.6 million, followed by American Express Financial Advisors, at \$700,000.
1	BU Bests Michigan Chaz Carr scores 14 of his game-high 16 points in the second half and BU hands Michigan its first home loss of the season, 63-52.
1	UPDATE 1-Gibernau storms to pole for Czech GP Spaniard Sete Gibernau stormed into pole position for Sunday #39;s Czech MotoGP Grand Prix, edging out Brazilian Alex Barros at the end of the rain-affected second qualifying session.
0	US circulates Sudan draft resolution The United States has circulated a draft UN resolution that would back a beefed-up monitoring force for Sudan #39;s conflict-wracked Darfur region and threaten punitive action against the country #39;s oil exports if the government does not act quickly to stop 
2	Nintendo Raises Its Earnings Estimate Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. raised its earnings outlook for its fiscal first half, saying Monday a strong US dollar had helped its business.
1	NFL: JAMAL #39;S HEADING FOR JAIL but only after the NFL season ends. The Baltimore Ravens star will serve four months in a tough federal jail and two months in a halfway 
2	Sears Canada fires top exec -- parent #39;s CFO takes over as chair Sears Canada fired its top executive Thursday over what it characterized as  #39; #39;strategic differences #39; #39; and enlisted the chief financial officer of parent company Sears, Roebuck Co.
3	Guinness World Records Recognizes NASA X-43A Speed Record NASA -- Guinness World Records has recognized the world speed record set by NASA's hypersonic X-43A aircraft earlier this year in an experimental flight over the Pacific Ocean.     Using a scramjet engine, the unpiloted, 12 foot-long aircraft achieved Mach 6.83 -- almost seven times the speed of sound - - or nearly 5,000 mph, in a March 27 flight...
3	Ky. Park, Univ. Open Cave Learning Center (AP) AP - Mammoth Cave National Park and Western Kentucky University have opened a facility that is designed to give students a hands-on learning environment in the longest known cave system in the world.
1	Radcliffe Competing for the Joy of Running Paula Radcliffe said she would run in the New York City Marathon on Nov. 7, 77 days after dropping out during the Olympic marathon.
0	Pakistan Tests Short-Range Nuclear-Capable Missile, Army Says Pakistan successfully test fired a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, as part of series of planned tests, the army said.
3	iPass Takes Flight with Boeing iPass (Quote, Chart), an aggregator of hotspots for business users is moving beyond the hotels, cafes and even its many airports with wireless connections to tackling the sky itself.
2	Cytec buys Surface Specialities business from UCB New Jersey-based Cytec Industries is to buy UCB Groups Surface Specialties business for \$1.5bn (E1.2bn). Completion of the deal will turn Cytec into a \$2.
0	U.S., Europe Agree on Iran Resolution VIENNA, Austria - The United States and most other nations at a meeting of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency agreed Friday on a resolution meant to curb Iran's access to technology that could be used for nuclear weapons, and indirectly set a deadline for Tehran to meet their demands...
3	Triumphant return of the big &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; logo t-shirt &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Cue trumpets, etc
3	Microsoft Dimisses RealNetworks' Complaint in Korea (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  said on Monday a\complaint filed in South Korea by RealNetworks Inc. ,\alleging that its Media Player software breached antitrust\laws, was "without merit."
1	Souness set for Newcastle Blackburn have confirmed Souness has left Ewood Park and the BBC has confirmed he has agreed terms to succeed Sir Bobby Robson. Newcastle had targeted Birmingham #39;s Steve Bruce and Aston Villa manager David 
1	Possible Spurrier development could impact USC recruiting (Columbia) Nov. 18, 2004 - Former South Carolina Gamecock, New York Giant and Minnesota Vikings linebacker Corey Miller says the name Lou Holtz has helped South Carolina recruit football players.
1	Jaguar and Ford Pull Out of Formula One  LONDON (Reuters) - Jaguar will pull out of Formula One at  the end of 2004, with parent company Ford's engine maker  Cosworth also up for sale.
2	Letters Target the abusers of legal weapons We can all share the outrage, expressed by columnist Steve Bailey (''Summer Sizzler, quot; Aug. 11), at the killings in the city's poor neighborhoods. But there's no need to share his ignorance. He argues for renewal of the so-called assault weapon ban, claiming that otherwise, ''UZIs and AK-47s could again be flooding the streets. quot; His ...
2	British Insurer to Move Jobs to India British insurer Royal  amp; SunAlliance said Monday it plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years in a bid to cut costs.
1	Henin to quit tennis for rest of the season Former world number one Justine Henin-Hardenne has decided to quit tennis for the rest of the yearin a bid to recover from exhaustion.
2	Cazenove Loses Independence with JPM Deal  LONDON (Reuters) - UK brokerage Cazenove effectively gave  up 181 years of independence on Friday when it sealed a joint  venture with J.P. Morgan Chase   Co., designed to lift the U.S.  bank's UK presence and give Cazenove a broader reach.
0	Senators Urge Bush to Change Iraq Stance (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
1	An all-or-nothing roll at Richmond Tonights all-or-nothing NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Richmond offers an interesting mix of desperation, anticipation and appreciation.
2	Health, financial firms top Working Mother #39;s 100-best list SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- New efforts to promote health and a continued commitment to flexible scheduling helped employers make the cut on Working Mother magazine #39;s annual  quot;100 Best Companies for Working Mothers quot; list.
3	Microsoft #39;s Halo 2 Set for Midnight Release Microsoft #39;s eagerly anticipated video game, Halo 2, will go on sale at midnight tonight, with the first copy to be distributed at the Toys  #39;R #39; Us flagship store in Times Square, New York City.
2	Oil Prices Fall Despite OPEC Output Cut Oil prices fell to four-month lows on Friday even though the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries moved to curb production above its official 27 million barrel-per-day output ceiling.
3	Charley's Force Took Experts by Surprise (AP) AP - Hurricane Charley's 145-mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict a storm's intensity  #151; even with all the latest satellite and radar technology.
3	Cornell scientists look at lilacs for evidence of earlier spring As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, Cornell University researchers have some good news for fair weather fans _ spring is coming a week earlier than it did 40 years ago.
1	Local manager weighs in on steroid use By the numbers. By Elia Powers. With recent reports stemming from grand jury testimony that link major league baseball sluggers Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds to past steroid use, discussion of the sports tainted image resurfaced this week.
1	NEXTEL CUP: Dale Jr. penalty too harsh Roush Racing driver Matt Kenseth, the defending NASCAR Nextel Cup champion, will share his views with Free Press readers through the final race in the Chase for the Championship, which ends Nov. 21 at Homestead, Fla.
2	Buffalo stock index rises The stocks of companies with operations in the Buffalo area rose this week, led by Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. The Buffalo Bloomberg Stock Index rose 6.46, or 3.1 percent, to 217.
2	Gemstar 3Q Loss Up on TV Guide Devaluation Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. posted a much wider third-quarter net loss as it wrote off the remaining goodwill on the TV Guide magazine business.
1	"Monday Night Football" Ratings Down (AP) AP - Green Bay's win over Carolina in the first game of the season on ABC's "Monday Night Football," was the second-most watched prime-time show of the week, trailing only NBC's debut episode of the "Friends" spinoff "Joey."
3	Google sued by nude photo website A California-based pornographer says it is suing  Google for providing illegal access to its website.
1	Giants succumb to Astros #39; 5-run 9th Bee Staff Writer. SAN FRANCISCO - One mighty swing by the Houston Astros #39; Lance Berkman made a significant impact before 41,537 hushed spectators and a stunned band of Giants.
0	Russia dispatches new Mideast envoy Russia is sending a special envoy to the Middle East to defuse tensions and revive the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said Friday.
0	Musharraf ally wins prime minister vote Pakistan's parliament elected former finance minister Shaukat Aziz, a close ally of President Pervez Musharraf, as prime minister yesterday after the opposition boycotted the vote, saying it was undemocratic. Aziz, 55, worked 30 years as a Citibank executive before becoming finance minister when Musharraf took power in a bloodless military coup in 1999. Suave, articulate, and media-savvy, Aziz is credited ...
3	The power behind PlayStation 3? Some details of the highly-anticipated advanced microprocessor, code-named Cell, which is expected to power the PlayStation 3, have been released by the three firms responsible for the chip #39;s development - IBM, Sony and Toshiba.
1	Garcia and Nelson accept probation for bullpen incident Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Two former members of the New York Yankees who got into a bullpen brawl with a groundskeeper at Fenway Park last year accepted pre-trial probation in order to have charges against them dropped in six months.
2	Oil Hits Record on China, India Demand  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high  above \$47.50 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in China and India underlined how rising appetite for  oil is straining the world's supply system.
3	Lycos Europe denies attack on zombie army Internet portal Lycos Europe has denied that its  quot;Make love not spam quot; Web site was hacked into and defaced last night. The company said that an e-mail that contained an apparent mirror image of the Web site being hacked was a hoax generated by spammers.
3	'Madden' Week No. 1 Game Sales Top 1.3 Million  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - "Madden NFL 2005," the latest  version of Electronic Arts Inc.'s pro football video game  franchise, sold more than 1.3 million copies in its first week,  giving a strong kick-off to one of EA's top sellers, the  company said on Thursday.
3	Einstein's Warped View of Space Confirmed (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Earth's spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms \  a key prediction of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
1	Jimenez wins 10th stage of Tour of Spain Spaniard Eladio Jimenez has won the 10th stage of the Tour of Spain after a lone breakaway on the final decisive climb. The Spaniard won the stage 
1	The Cards Are Destiny's Children They were 4-12 last year. They have had a losing record in 15 of 16 seasons since the franchise last relocated. They have won one playoff game since 1947.
0	Tribal team to meet militant for release of kidnapped Chinese (AFP) AFP - Tribal elders headed to a remote hideout near the Afghan border to persuade an Al-Qaeda-linked militant, freed from Guantanamo Bay only seven months ago, to drop threats to kill two Chinese hostages.
0	In Ramadan message: Hamas calls for unity against Israel The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) congratulated the Palestinian people and the Muslim nation on Friday at the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
0	Lawyers Call on U.N. to Shield Whistle-Blowers (Reuters) Reuters - Two lawyers for U.N.\whistle-blowers urged the United Nations on Wednesday to\protect staffers who want to disclose corruption at the world\body, including the oil-for-food program for Iraq.
0	Martin office asked about Montreal sponsorship deal involving hockey great (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin's staff contacted the office of former public works minister Alfonso Gagliano in 1999 to inquire about  #36;600,000 in sponsorship money for a Montreal sports group, documents provided to a public inquiry indicate.
2	US leading economic indicators decline for fourth straight month NEW YORK, October 21 (newratings.com) - The US leading economic indicators declined for the fourth consecutive month in September this year indicating sluggish economic growth going into 2005.
3	Yahoo buys e-mail search firm SAN FRANCISCO: Internet media and Web search company Yahoo Inc. said that it bought privately held e-mail search company Stata Labs, jumping into the nascent market for search-based email programs and services.
3	Beat Hackers and Learn to Spy at Italy Tech Fair (Reuters) Reuters - Fingerprint sensors, gadgets to pry open\doors and transmitters to spy on unsuspecting targets were\among the wizardry on show at the opening of Italy's biggest\technology fair on Thursday.
3	Amazon to Buy Chinese Retailer Joyo.com Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. said on Thursday that it will buy Joyo.com Ltd., which\runs some of China's biggest retail Web sites, for about \$75 million to gain entry into China's fast-growing market.
3	Adobe enters home video editing fray Adding to its offerings for digital imaging and video hobbyists, Adobe Systems on Wednesday announced a new video-editing package and an update to its Photoshop Elements image-editing product.
1	Caution! Master Blaster returns to work NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar is back. Now, the million dollar question: will his willow bite? All through Tendulkar #39;s 15-year career, he has barely missed five Tests and two of them have been in the current Test series against Australia.
1	Diamondbacks dump Backman, hire Melvin Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and struggled with financial problems.
2	Losses at Delta Renew Bankruptcy Speculation Delta Air Lines, which is struggling to avoid a bankruptcy filing, said today that it expected to lose as much as \$675 million for the third quarter, and that it was burning cash at a steep rate.
0	Congo Says Its Troops Are Fighting Rwandan Forces (Reuters) Reuters - Congo's government spokesman denied\Tuesday that rival army factions were fighting each other in\the east of the country and insisted the clashes were between\Congolese and Rwandan forces.
0	Soaring traffic fines, insurance rates have more Canadians fighting tickets (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - When a 23-year-old university student from New Brunswick decided to go to court to fight a  #36;400 speeding ticket, she knew it was a long shot.
0	Insurgent Group Claims 11 Iraqi Hostages (AP) AP - An Iraqi insurgent group said on its Web site Tuesday it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage and showed pictures of them in uniform.
2	UPDATE 2-Delta to cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, close Dallas hub Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it will cut 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, or about 10 percent of its work force, over the next 18 
1	Ernie and Sammy: Opposites, a fact Ernie Banks was 35 when Cubs manager Leo Durocher first tried to bench him. Banks was starting to age and was struggling during spring training in 1966.
0	Typhoon Hits Korea, Japan; Kills 9, Grounds Flights (Update1) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Typhoon Megi churned through the Tsushima Straight dividing Japan and South Korea, leaving nine people dead and thousands homeless as it damaged crops, dumped heavy rains and grounded flights. 
3	Fast checks of regular fliers extended The test program that allows pre-screened travelers to zip through airport security is being extended. The Registered Traveler Program had been scheduled to run for 90 days at each of five big airports.
1	Beckham Apologizes for Yellow Card Ploy LONDON Oct. 13, 2004 - David Beckham apologized Wednesday for the yellow card ploy that earned him a convenient World Cup suspension.
3	Sun upgrades J2SE platform Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
1	Roadwork ahead They have played -- and won -- big road games in hostile locales such as Blacksburg, Va., South Bend, Ind., and State College, Pa.
3	Public TV zapper hot product SAN JOSE, CALIF. - A keychain device that enables people to turn off TVs just about anywhere is flying off the shelves, its inventor says.
2	Shell restructures Dutch gas business Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell said on Monday it had agreed to a restructuring of its Gasunie gas division with the Dutch government and business partner ExxonMobil.
1	Van foursome points way for Rooney and co Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s foursome against Sparta Prague in the Champions League has left Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hungry for more.
3	IBM preps new top-end Unix servers Big Blue plans to announce the servers Friday, sources say, stirring up major new challenges for Sun and HP.
1	Key games in New England UNH (8-2) vs. MAINE (5-5) When, where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., at Orono, Maine. TV, radio: None. Last season: UNH won, 47-27. Comments: UNH will be looking for a repeat of last week's 62-24 victory over Towson, which enabled the Wildcats to take over first place in the Atlantic 10 North and earned earn them a No. 5 ranking in Division ...
1	Gerrard urges fans to get behind team Steven Gerrard has called on the Anfield faithful to get behind the team, but also to be patient in the critical clash with Olympiacos at Anfield tonight.
3	Wanted: Simple home security How much data can fit through broadband pipes? The next big broadband battle is going to turn on that very question. With data speeds increasing and monthly charges now within range of most family budgets, you 
3	Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight The Leonid meteor shower will peak tonight. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
3	Mac users face rare virus Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
1	Sehwag #39;s century gives India advantage in second Test: Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 15 : Virender Sehwag scored a return-to-form seventh Test century Friday to give India the upper hand in the second cricket Test against Australia.
2	UPDATE 2-Tyco posts profit, outlook misses expectations Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for electronic parts and the absence of costly write-downs 
2	Delta Amends  #36;680 Mln Debt Exchange Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc., struggling to\cut costs to avert bankruptcy, said on Thursday it was amending\its offer to exchange up to  #36;680 million worth of its\outstanding  #36;2.6 billion of unsecured debt, asking holders to\submit tenders by Oct. 26.
0	Iran faces 'nuclear ultimatum' Iran is likely to be given an ultimatum to suspend all uranium enrichment activities, top UK officials say.
2	HBOS leaves field clear in battle for Abbey National BANKING giant HBOS yesterday said it had pulled out of a potential takeover battle for Abbey National. The announcement that it will not be bidding clears the way for Spain #39;s Santander 
3	Homeland Security Still Falling Short With IT Work GAO said the department has to work on seven key practices. It #39;s progress so far is a  quot;work in progress, quot; GAO says. By Eric Chabrow.
1	Cowboys' High Hopes Dwindle After Big Loss (AP) AP - Keyshawn Johnson sat alone at his locker for a long time with a blank stare on his face. Then he found it hard to put his frustration into words. How could things have gone so wrong for the Dallas Cowboys?
0	Iceland Offers Shelter to Fugitive Chess Player Fischer (Reuters) Reuters - Fugitive chess master Bobby\Fischer has been offered a new home in Iceland, where he won a\classic victory in 1972, but it is unclear whether he will be\able to make the move from his detention in Japan.
0	Series of small explosions shake Madrid The explosions hit five gas stations simultaneously, after a telephone warning from the armed Basque separatist group ETA. Two police officers were slightly wounded by one of the bombs.
3	Talk Is Cheap When Using Internet Long-Distance VOIP has been hailed for years in the telecom industry as the next big thing, but problems with sound quality have prevented it from gaining widespread acceptance. Now VOIP, which has been available since the mid-1990s, is poised to fulfill its promise.
1	No time to rest for 49ers #39; Quinn Quinn, the San Francisco 49ers #39; defensive line coach,helps devise the game plan, fine-tunes the starters, teaches the never-ending stream of new linemen the scheme, sneaks in a workout of his own, keeps his pate freshly shaved, checks in with his wife 
3	Microsoft warns of poisoned picture peril The old bromide that promises you can #39;t get a computer virus by looking at an image file crumbled a bit further Tuesday when Microsoft announced a critical vulnerability in its software #39;s handling of the ubiquitous JPEG graphics format.
3	ISS Astronauts Prepare for Another Spacewalk NASA -- International Space Station Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA ISS Science Officer Mike Fincke will replace and install equipment during their fourth and final Expedition 9 spacewalk.     Some of that equipment, three new antennas, will help guide the new Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV) to its first docking to the Station late next year...
1	Drogba Can Be Our Henry - Lampard Frank Lampard believes Didier Drogba can do for Chelsea what Thierry Henry has done for Arsenal. The 26-year-old Ivory Coast striker Drogba scored twice as Chelsea opened their Champions 
0	Norway envoy meets with Tamil Tigers Norwegian peace envoy Erik Solheimmet Wednesday with Tamil Tigers leaders at the rebel-held northerntown of Kilinochchi in a fresh attempt to revive Sri Lanka #39;s peacetalks, the national television reported.
2	Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will  miss  its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely  publicized string of product delays and problems, but those  missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip  maker said on Tuesday.
1	Collapse complete: Cubs out of playoff hunt Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - A two-run triple by JD Drew keyed a three-run rally in the top of the eighth inning as the Atlanta Braves eliminated the Chicago Cubs from playoff contention with an 8-6 comeback victory at Wrigley Field.
1	Report: Roddick replaces Gilbert with Goldfine World No. 2 Andy Roddick replaced coach Brad Gilbert with US Davis Cup assistant coach Dean Goldfine, a Washington television station WUSA-TV reported.
3	Firefox 1.0 Makes Flashy Debut A decade ago, geeks greeted the release of Netscape #39;s new web browser with great anticipation. A similar sense of expectation surrounded each subsequent version of Netscape Navigator and, to a much lesser 
1	Gators #39; RB Fason declares for NFL draft Florida running back Ciatrick Fason announced Wednesday he plans to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL Draft. The 6-foot, 215-pound junior has been one of the most consistent performers for the 20th-ranked Gators.
0	Two Chinese Engineers Kidnapped in Pakistan (Reuters) Reuters - Two Chinese engineers working at a\hydro-electric project in Pakistan were kidnapped by tribesmen\on Saturday in a region where security forces have been hunting\militants linked to al Qaeda, officials said.
1	Sports: Yankees 13 Twins 10 MINNEAPOLIS The New York Yankees coughed up a 9-to-3 lead before rallying in the ninth inning to beat Minnesota 13-to-10. 
3	IBM protects passwords with PC chip com September 15, 2004, 9:01 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
3	Google Shares Just May Be Winners After All Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to lower the price of its shares sharply in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.
2	Nike Profit Up on Strong U.S. Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Nike Inc. , the world's\largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher\quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in\the United States.
0	Bones believed to be Megumi Yokota #39;s brought from N Korea TOKYO - A House of Representatives lawmaker belonging to a lawmakers #39; group supporting abductees and their relatives said Monday the Japanese delegation that returned to Tokyo from Pyongyang earlier in the day brought bones believed those of Megumi 
3	Dania Beach woman #39;s holy sandwich sells for \$28,000 The grilled cheese sandwich that launched a thousand or more eBay hits was sold to the highest bidder Monday for \$28,000. The sandwich, said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary, was first offered up for sale 
2	Banks pull plug on Ion SPOOKED lenders to local auto parts maker Ion have withdrawn vital finance facilities, forcing the group to the brink of collapse.
0	Arab League to hold emergency meeting The Arab League says it will hold an emergency session to discuss the violence in Gaza, which has claimed at least 56 Palestinians this week.
0	Report: Japanese Hostage Killed in Iraq (AP) AP - A Japanese civilian taken hostage in Iraq by militants has been killed, Kyodo News agency reported Saturday, citing a member of Japan's ruling party. But national broadcaster NHK said the government was still trying to confirm the information.
1	COLUMN: Major League Baseball Strikes Out in Montreal  TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada bid a final adieu to the  Montreal Expos who disappeared from the country's sports scene  on Wednesday in a wave of bitterness and nostalgia.
2	Google faces bumpy IPO road, analysts say NEW YORK -- Google Inc. faces serious headwinds as it prepares to launch its long-anticipated initial public offering despite a lacklustre equity market and questions about the company #39;s business plan. 
1	Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer surprising himself in downhill &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE LOUISE, Alta. (CP) - Austria #39;s Michael Walchhofer is surprising himself as he gets ready for the first World Cup downhill race of the season.
3	NASA Studies  #39;Rain Man #39;s #39; Brain NASA scientists are studying the man who was the basis for Dustin Hoffman #39;s character in the 1988 film  quot;Rain Man, quot; hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
2	ATA CHECKED FOR DEPARTURE ATA, the biggest airline at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday and said it will unload its Midway hub to AirTran Airways.
0	Turkey At The EU #39;s Door Turkey #39;s decades-long quest to join the European Union looks set to take a great leap forward. On Oct. 6 the European Commission in Brussels is due to release its opinion on whether Turkey has met the legal 
0	Analysis: Can Shaukat Aziz deliver? The reins of power have once again been handed over in Pakistan. And once again, it #39;s a man hand-picked by the country #39;s military ruler, Gen Pervez Musharraf.
0	Moroccan bus crash kills 29 At least 29 people have been killed and 30 injured, when a bus crashed into a truck and a taxi cab on a highway linking two of Morocco #39;s popular tourist destinations.
1	Woods goes for three straight _ if he gets to the first tee THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Tiger Woods realizes the only way he can reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Vijay Singh is to win golf tournaments.
0	Queen visits Berlin war graves TO THE British, it was a war cemetery. To the villagers of Stahnsdorf in the former East Germany, its annual Remembrance Day service was their window to freedom.
0	Ferdinand to repay Ferguson debt of honour (AFP) AFP - Rio Ferdinand plans to repay a debt of honour to Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson for standing by him when he returns from his eight month ban for missing a drugs test against Liverpool on Monday.
1	West Indies, England to contest Champions Trophy final: Sports India, Cricket Southampton, Sep 22 : The West Indies Wednesday beat Pakistan by seven wickets in the second semi-final to set up the title clash with England in the Champions Trophy Saturday.
0	Ukraine Liberal Vows Demonstrations if Cheated  KIEV (Reuters) - The liberal challenger in a closely fought  presidential election in Ukraine raised the stakes on Friday,  threatening to bring his supporters onto the streets if the  authorities tried to deny him victory by cheating.
1	TEAM USA: Quizzical Riley is life of the party Birmingham #39;s Townsend Hotel expected the United States Ryder Cup players, their wives and maybe a few children this week. But no one thought the players and children could get confused.
3	Goodall Says Environment at  #39;Crossroads #39; Dr Jane Goodall of England, world-acclaimed conservation biologist and pioneer for her work on chimpanzees in Africa, delivers her keynote speech entitled  quot;Reason for Hope quot; Tuesday, Dec. 7, 2004 in Singapore 
2	2.5 auto insurance rate hike reaffirmed The state's highest court affirmed an already approved 2.5 percent average increase in auto insurance premiums for this year, but said the insurance commissioner may have to revise her decision in a way that would ease premiums for certain drivers. The Supreme Judicial Court rejected Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly's challenge of a new formula used by Insurance Commissioner Julianne ...
1	Manchester United Says TV Revenue Will Plunge, Hurting Profit Manchester United, the world #39;s biggest soccer club, said revenue from broadcasting, a third of its total income, may plunge 25 percent next year as the team earns less from televised games in England and Europe.
1	Karl Malone Visits Lakers Training Camp (AP) AP - Karl Malone showed up at the Los Angeles Lakers training camp Saturday to visit old teammates and club officials.
0	Afghanistan: Where the enemy is a flower KABUL In his inaugural address last week, President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan laid out his priorities for the next five years. Chief among them was stopping the country #39;s growing drug trade.
0	Iraq Asks Major Donors To Release Cash Tokyo, Oct. 13 (NNN): Iraq #39;s deputy leader, Barham Saleh, on Wednesday urged donors to release the aid money they have pledged, saying it is the key to destroying terrorism in his troubled country.
1	No. 1 Illini Wear Down Georgetown 74-59 (AP) AP - In the first half, Illinois trailed for 11 minutes, 20 seconds, longer than it had in its first seven games combined. In the second half, the Fighting Illini were in control buzzer-to-buzzer in a solid defense of their No. 1 ranking.
2	Officials Blame Contractors in Tunnel Leak The tunnel containing this city #39;s sunken highway - the crown jewel of the Big Dig, Boston #39;s mammoth \$14.6 billion highway project - is leaking because of improper construction 
3	Hurricane hits NASA spaceport The third hurricane to hit NASA #39;s spaceport in just over a month, blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building.
0	Stocks Drop After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors adopted a wait-and-see attitude on the economy, despite Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment, and bid stocks modestly lower Wednesday as Wall Street waits for better economic and earnings news.    While Greenspan said the economy has "regained some traction" after the summer's slowdown, investors looked past his congressional testimony, focusing instead on uncertainty about the health of the economy, third-quarter earnings pre-announcements and fiscal policy...
3	Gartner: Offshore IT spending to hit \$50 billion Upcoming Gartner study on IT spending for offshoring.
3	Choice rich, time poor Its getting easier and more practical to take your photos without lm. In the second of our ve-part series on high-tech objects of desire, David Derbyshire looks at some of the best options for photographers 
1	England skipper Beckham escapes FA rap October 22, 2004. England captain David Beckham has escaped disciplinary action by the Football Association for his deliberate yellow card against Wales.
2	Crude oil futures rise for third straight day WASHINGTON - Oil prices cruised above \$55-a-barrel yesterday as concerns about the global supply of winter fuels persist ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
2	Google Slashes IPO, SEC OK Expected Today  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the  size of its initial public offering nearly in half to less than  \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold water on what has been  touted as the hottest Internet IPO in years.
0	Blair defends new exam proposals Tony Blair talks to business leaders about new proposals for a major shake-up of the English exam system.
3	U2 Talk iPod Strategy Band #39;s partnership with Apple has deep roots For two weeks before MTV debuted U2 #39;s video for the new single  quot;Vertigo, quot; fans had a chance to see the band perform the song on TV -- in an iPod commercial.
0	EU bid to catch US economy 'a big failure': Prodi (AFP) AFP - Europe's efforts to catch up to and then outpace the US economy have been  quot;a big failure, quot; the outgoing head of the European Union executive commission, Romano Prodi, told the Financial Times in an interview.
3	Integrity of Fla. Virtual Vote in Doubt (AP) AP - Edward Bitet fought in World War II, built affordable housing for veterans and taught sixth grade. When the Long Island native retired to Florida, he fulfilled another civic duty by becoming a poll worker. But Bitet, 77, isn't volunteering this year  #151; he says he doesn't trust Palm Beach County's electronic voting machines. He walked out of a county demonstration of touch-screen terminals convinced that software bugs could wreak havoc on Nov. 2.
1	Last-minute TD stops Maine Justin Rascati completed 19 of 28 passes for 197 yards and two touchdowns, including a game-winning 23-yarder to D.D. Boxley with 47 seconds remaining, as James Madison stayed undefeated in the Atlantic 10 with a 24-20 victory over Maine at Orono yesterday.
3	Internet Giants File 7 Suits Aimed at Stopping Spam Four leading Internet service providers announced yesterday that they had filed a new round of lawsuits against senders of junk e-mail, or spam.
2	China #39;s foreign trade volume at 926.47 bln US dls in the 1st 10 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s imports and exports in thefirst ten months this year amounted to 926.47 billion US dollars, rising 35.8 percent year-on-year, according to statistics releasedby the 
0	Eight killed as Dubai airport wall collapses At least eight people were killed after a wall collapsed at a building site at Dubai airport today. Workers said they saw up to 40 casualties being taken from the scene of the collapse, with some people reported to be trapped under the debris.
2	Float Time on Checks Shortens, as of Thursday Consumers who have become used to writing checks in the expectation of having at least a couple of days to cover them with a deposit may soon be in for a rude awakening.
1	Cink goes wire-to-wire at NEC AKRON, Ohio -- The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team led at Firestone from start to finish. Where: Shanty Creek Resort, Bellaire (Legend and Cedar River courses).
0	Eritrea dismantles 'terrorist network' backed by Sudan: official (AFP) AFP - Eritrea has broken up a  quot;terrorist network quot; backed by Sudan that had plotted to assassinate President Isaias Afwerki and attack civilian targets, the government said in a further escalation of tensions between the two neighbors.
0	Middle East ; Abbas calls on Palestinians to end armed struggle Middle East News, GAZA, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has called for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
2	EU to Pursue Legal Action Against Greece The European Union #39;s executive commission said Wednesday it would open legal proceedings against Greece for its sloppy bookkeeping and underreporting its budget deficit by billions of euros between 1997 and 2003.
0	Ukraine PM to meet challenger in poll run-off Ukraine #39;s prime minister and a liberal challenger have taken the top spots in a presidential election and will take their debate over the country #39;s future through to a run-off next month, exit polls say.
0	Star elephants aid Thai clean-up Six elephants from the film Alexander join rescue teams to clean up debris-strewn forests in parts of Thailand.
1	Athletics: Greek celebration is not meant to be ATHENS As the sprinters walked out for the final of the men #39;s 200 meters, the crowd in the packed Olympic Stadium began to boo.
3	Debian rejects Sender ID Developers responsible for the Debian Linux distribution announced on Saturday that they will not implement Sender ID due to Microsoft #39;s insistence on licensing the anti-spam standard.
2	Delta chief customer service officer retires Delta Chief Customer Service Officer Vicki Escarra will retire on Oct. 1 after 31 years with the Atlanta-based airline. Escarra said she wanted to spend more time with family.
1	Roundup: Pippen retires Scottie Pippen on Tuesday announced his retirement from the Chicago Bulls, the team he and Michael Jordan led to six NBA titles in the 1990s.
0	Rescued crew talk of  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal A crew of five rescued off the coast of Cornwall after spending eight days adrift in a liferaft have spoken of their  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal.
1	Gold medalist Noguchi pondering future ATHENS - While world record holder Paula Radcliffe is still picking up the pieces after burning out in the women #39;s marathon at Athens Olympics, gold medal winner Mizuki Noguchi is simply basking in the glory and pondering her next move.
2	Housing Starts Dive Unexpectedly in Nov.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts unexpectedly  plummeted 13.1 percent last month, the biggest dive in nearly  11 years, as groundbreaking activity fell sharply across the  nation, a government report showed on Thursday.
2	Losing bidders still have shot at Fan Pier The owners of Fan Pier reached out to one of the losing bidders for the property over the last week to see whether the firm was still interested in the land, in case the winning team led by Lennar Corp. doesn't close the deal.
1	GMs Ready to Wheel, Deal for Free Agents (AP) AP - After five days of discussion, debate and a final South Beach birthday bash, the baseball general managers meetings broke up. Now the real business begins  #151; starting Friday, teams could talk money with any free agent.
2	Coles Myer chief keeping coy on alliance Coles Myer chief executive officer John Fletcher won #39;t confirm a report that his company is considering an alliance with the Australian Leisure and Hospitality Group.
2	Finance: Losing the Right to Sue (Reuters) Reuters - More and more businesses are\sticking mandatory arbitration clauses into their contracts,\forcing consumers to give up their right to sue if they want to\conduct business, and consumer groups have made the elimination\of these clauses a top priority.
3	Internet Explorer market share drops below 90 percent in Europe Mozilla #39;s Firefox browser continues to steal market share form Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer around the globe. According to a report released by a German Internet 
1	Canadian Despatie leads heading into 10-metre tower final at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie lost his bid for a second medal in Athens after finishing fourth Saturday in the men #39;s 10-metre tower.
1	Roddick defends  #39;injured #39; stars FORMER world No.1 Andy Roddick today leapt to the defence of Paris Masters no-shows Roger Federer and Andre Agassi. Officials are furious with Agassi #39;s last minute withdrawal, arguing that the lucrative nine 
2	SunTrust Banks Gets SEC Inquiry Notice Financial services firm SunTrust Banks Inc. said Thursday that it received notice that the Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry into the company #39;s recent announcement that it 
1	Arkansas St. Indians COLUMBIA, Missouri (Ticker) -- No. 17 Missouri went out and proved it was deserving of its first preseason ranking since 1980. The Tigers scored 21 points in less than 10 minutes and went on to trounce Arkansas 
3	Adobe Ships New Version Of Photoshop Elements Adobe Systems Inc. on Wednesday released an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
1	Harrington Enjoys Welcome Return to Form  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Padraig Harrington led the way  in the German Masters first round Thursday as Europe's Ryder  Cup players warmed up for next week's match against the United  States.
3	Photos Plus Music Equals an Expensive iPod First Apple put some color on the iPod, when it offered the iPod mini in a palette of pastel hues, and now it has put some color inside it, in the form of the new iPod Photo.
3	Student #39;s Projects Win \$100,000 in Siemens Westinghouse &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Aaron Goldin, a senior San Dieguito High School Academy in Encinitas, CA, won the \$100,000 Grand Prize scholarship in the individual category for inventing the Gyro-Gen, a gyroscope that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
1	BoSox Lead Yankees 2-1 After Two Innings BOSTON - The Boston Red Sox held a 2-1 lead over the New York Yankees after two innings of play Monday in Game 5 of the ALCS. After singles by Orlando Cabrera and Manny Ramirez in the first off Yankees starter 
1	New England vs. St Louis ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- The New England Patriots derailed  quot;The Greatest Show on Turf quot; in Super Bowl XXXVI at the Superdome.
2	Dow Jones Sees Shortfall on Weak Ads Dow Jones  amp; Co. (DJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday cut its earnings forecast for the current quarter, citing weakness this month in key advertising categories 
0	Chemical Ali Will Be the First to Go on Trial The former Iraqi general known as Chemical Ali, who is accused of using chemical weapons attacks to kill thousands of Kurds, will be the first of Saddam Husseins cohorts to stand trial next week, a government official said today.
2	Heinz Profit Meets Forecasts; Shares Rise Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. (HNZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year-earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products 
1	Sorenstam takes early lead Swedish star Annika Sorenstam shot a six-under-par 66 in Thursday #39;s first round at the season-ending \$1-million ADT Championship.
0	Support grows for Blair to keep British troops in Iraq: poll (AFP) AFP - Support for Prime Minister Tony Blair's policy of keeping British troops in Iraq until a  quot;stable democracy quot; is ensured has increased over the past three months, according to an opinion poll published.
3	'Autopsy' Showcases Scientists' Research (AP) AP - Two University of New Mexico doctoral students will star in the Discovery Channel's new show "Mummy Autopsy."
0	German Official Criticizes U.S. Deficit (AP) AP - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
2	Old favourites set to make a Christmas comeback Cabbage Patch Kids are expected to be among this year #39;s Christmas best selling gifts, industry experts have said. The relaunched 1980s phenomenon has been named in the top 10 list of toys compiled by the Toy Retailers Association.
0	Thatcher can  #39;easily #39; prove he was not involved in coup plot &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sir Mark Thatcher will  quot;easily quot; be able to prove he had nothing to do with an alleged coup plot in the oil-rich west African state of Equatorial Guinea, his lawyer said yesterday, despite the jailing of his close friend Simon Mann on arms charges.
3	IBM Wins Supercomputing Crown Blue Gene/L, A supercomputer developed by IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) and the US Department of Energy, has clinched the title as the world #39;s fastest, beating out a previously top-ranked computer from Japan #39;s NEC.
3	NASA to Attempt Mach 10 Flight NASA will attempt to break the aircraft speed record next week by flying a jet plane at 7,000 mph, or nearly 10 times the speed of sound, say planners for the agency #39;s experimental X-43A project.
0	Supreme Court will not hear appeal of convicted killer-rapist Larry Fisher (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The man convicted of the brutal murder and rape that kept David Milgaard wrongfully imprisoned for 23 years will not be able to appeal his case to the Supreme Court of Canada.
2	Halliburton to Restructure KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it would restructure its embattled KBR unit and may shed  the business if the oil services company's stock performance  keeps lagging its peers.
2	Rate of oil exploration slows WASHINGTON -- Despite record oil prices and strong projected demand from China and the United States, major oil firms are skimping on their exploration budgets and pocketing big profits while waiting out the storm of high prices, oil analysts say.
1	Sergio rewarded for support of Mallorca Classic Sergio Garcia #39;s decision to turn down an invitation to the HSBC World Match Play for which he was qualified was vindicated when he took the Mallorca Classic by four shots.
1	Stenson leads Swedish charge at The Heritage Henrik Stenson led The Heritage third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
2	Starbucks price hike seen Oct. 6 Newspaper reports the coffee giant will raise the average drink price by 11 cents a cup. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coffee shop giant Starbucks Corp.
0	Nigerian Strike Set to Drag Into Fourth Day  ABUJA (Reuters) - A general strike in Nigeria which has  raised fears over oil supplies was set to enter a fourth day  after a court rebuffed a government request to declare it  illegal on Wednesday.
2	Building a Fortune Fortune Brands' CEO talks about the company's history, expansion, and innovation.
3	Cisco routers add services Cisco Systems this week will introduce a new line of routers with integrated services that combine concurrent data, security, and voice features in one system.
0	Delhi walks into EU elite club The Hague, Nov. 8:India and the European Union today decided to crank up their relationship by entering into a strategic partnership to deepen cooperation on key international issues of globalisation 
3	FDA Warns of Terrorist Prescription Drug Tampering By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- "Cues from chatter" gathered around the world are raising concerns that terrorists might try to attack the domestic food and drug supply, particularly illegally imported prescription drugs, acting Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Lester M. Crawford says...
2	US ex-financier jailed for fraud Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is jailed for 16 years
0	Thai Prime Minister admits army made mistakes PATTANI - Thailand #39;s Government faced withering criticism after nearly 80 Muslims suffocated to death while in Army custody, with one newspaper blaming the tragedy on the Prime Minister #39;s  quot;flawed quot; leadership.
3	Acid Rain Pollution Up 4 Percent in 2003 Emissions of sulfur dioxide, which causes acid rain, rose 4 percent in 2003, but probably will not compromise long-term air quality goals, the government reported Wednesday.
2	Chapter 11 trustee appointed for AmeriDebt A federal bankruptcy judge appointed a Chapter 11 trustee Wednesday for AmeriDebt, the credit-counseling company that now faces a \$15 million claim from the Internal Revenue Service over its disputed status as a nonprofit.
0	Cassini set for Titan return pass The Cassini spacecraft makes one last flyby of Titan on Monday before it despatches the Huygens probe for a rendezvous with the Saturnian moon.
3	Novell shortens release date for open enterprise server Novell last Friday said the release of Open Enterprise Server, a combination of open source and commercial networking platforms, is 10 months ahead of schedule.
0	Powell unhappy at Sudan #39;s Darfur camp relocations US Secretary of State Colin Powell voiced displeasure on Monday at Sudan #39;s movement of camps for people who fled their homes in Darfur.
2	Will IBM sell PC business? p2pnet.net News - IBMs PC business is up for grabs - and the new owners could be Chinese, says the New York Times. While IBM long ago ceded the lead in the personal computer market to Dell and Hewlett 
2	UPDATE 1-Bank of America vice chairman to retire Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday vice chairman James Hance will retire at the end of January 2005.
0	Scientists Pick Up Pieces of Space Capsule DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah - Scientists with tweezers picked through the twisted wreckage of a space capsule that crash-landed on Earth, hoping that microscopic clues to the evolution of the solar system weren't completely lost in Utah's salt flats.    NASA engineers were stunned Wednesday when neither parachute deployed aboard the Genesis capsule and the craft plummeted to the ground at 193 mph, breaking open like a clamshell and exposing its collection of solar atoms to contamination...
0	Buckingham Palace Batman - superhero or villain? A comic book superhero perched in a dangerous location brandishing a banner has become an increasingly common sight in recent months.
2	WellPoint Health Profit Up on Premiums  CHICAGO (Reuters) - WellPoint Health Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the No. 2 health insurer by enrollment in the U.S., on Monday  posted a steep rise in quarterly profit as it kept health  premiums above rising medical costs and added new members.
1	BSkyB Gets Exclusive Live Rights to England Cricket (Update1) British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, Rupert Murdoch #39;s UK pay-television arm, won an exclusive four- year contract to show live English cricket, cementing its grip on sports programming in Britain.
2	Bob Evans Computer Scientist Bob Evans, 77, a computer scientist who helped popularize personal computing and served as a scientific adviser to the Taiwanese government, died of a heart ailment Sept.
1	Redskins' Taylor Arrested on DUI Charge (AP) AP - Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor was arrested early Wednesday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing a breathalyzer test.
1	Investigation into Pacers-Pistons brawl could take time AUBURN HILLS, Mich. Police have identified most of the people in video footage from last night #39;s brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons at The Palace at Auburn Hills.
3	SBC Tunes Into IP-Based TV Company is developing a fiber network that will deliver TV and data to homes.
3	Samsung Makes Smaller MMC Card for Cell Phones (PC World) PC World - Thumbnail-sized memory card's maximum capacity will be 128MB.
2	ADVISORY: Levi Strauss Story Withdrawn (Reuters) Reuters - The story headlined "UPDATE 1-Levi\Strauss   Co says could face bankruptcy" is withdrawn. The\story was based on language included in a filing the company\made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such\language on risk factors is standard in most references to\indebtedness in regulatory filings by companies.
2	Google Treads on Microsoft's Turf Best known for its popular search engine, Google is rapidly rolling out new products and muscling into Microsoft's stronghold: the computer desktop. The competition means consumers get more choices and better products.
2	You Only Sell Thrice Alex Yemenidjian, chairman of MGM and Kirk Kerkorian's right-hand man, ponders life after MGM, which was recently sold for \$5 billion.
3	Obesity Surgery May Cure Diabetes By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Patients who undergo obesity surgery get far more than cosmetic benefits - many also shed fat-related ailments including diabetes, high blood pressure and high cholesterol, researchers say.    Their report - an analysis of 136 studies - suggests that in some cases, the drastic operations may alter the patient's body chemistry itself and relieve conditions that can lead to heart attacks, strokes and kidney failure...
2	Greece to be warned on euro data The European Commission is to warn Greece about publishing false information about its public finances.
3	Development May Endanger Protected Species (AP) AP - The Bush administration said Friday it will allow developers to complete construction and other projects even after belated discoveries that the work could endanger protected species.
0	2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton Thursday from a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood where many foreign companies are based, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said.    The three were employed by Gulf Services Company, a Middle East-based construction firm, and were seized from a two-story house surrounded by a wall in the al-Mansour neighborhood, said Col...
1	Singh Extends Lead Over Woods, Closing on Top Spot  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh took a  step closer to gaining the world number one ranking by  extending his lead to three shots over Tiger Woods in Sunday's  third round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship.
0	Iran May Curb Nuke Work (CBS/AP) Iran has agreed in principle to temporarily stop some suspect activities that its critics allege are meant to make nuclear weapons, as it seeks to blunt censure at an upcoming UN meeting, diplomats said Tuesday.
0	Commander: Osama Probably Not in Pakistan Region (Reuters) Reuters - Osama bin Laden is unlikely\to be hiding in Pakistan's tribal region near the Afghan\border, the top military commander in the area said on Tuesday.
3	SAP gains \$35 mln Postal Service deal LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- SAP won a multi-year deal to provide technology to overhaul the US Postal Service #39;s human-resources system, the German corporate software giant said Monday.
3	CA Shareholders Reject Compensation Recovery Plan Executives urge patience as the company continues to review payments to executives who left in the wake of an accounting scandal. By Darrell Dunn.
0	EU agrees to Turkey membership talks next year BRUSSELS -- European Union leaders agreed yesterday to open negotiations with Turkey next year on eventual EU membership, but the Turkish premier said more talks were needed -- presumably over the contentious issue of Cyprus -- before he could accept the offer.
2	EU clears way for PeopleSoft takeover The European Commission said Tuesday that it has approved Oracle Corp. #39;s \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last antitrust obstacle to the hostile takeover attempt.
3	Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000 (Reuters) Reuters - Mobile phone subscribers around the\globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,\about one quarter of the world's population, the International\Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.
0	Suspect held at  #39;mini-Guantanamo #39; for three years released by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; David Blunkett #39;s emergency anti-terrorism laws came under fire last night after he ruled a suspect interned without trial for nearly three years no longer posed a national threat.
0	Al-Jazeera Says Will Play Bin Laden Tape (AP) AP - The Arab television station Al-Jazeera said Friday it would broadcast a tape from al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden on an evening newscast.
1	Top-seed Bartoli upset LOCAL favourite Iroga Tulyaganova of Uzbekistan produced a major upset today, eliminating top-seeded Marion Bartoli of France 6-4 6-4 in the first round of the \$US140,000 (\$191,048) Tashkent Open tennis tournament.
3	Protect Your Personal Computer Redmond, Wash., /PRNewswire/ - As gifts for loved ones or tools for getting organized in the new year, personal computers (PCs) are always popular items during the holiday gift-giving season.
3	VoIP Jurisdiction Could Be Settled Soon  quot;If we don #39;t move forward on that pretty soon, we run the risk of have multiple state actions and court rulings to contend with, quot; said Jeffrey Carlisle, chief of the FCC #39;s wireline competition bureau.
2	Kroger Profit Edges Up, Misses Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  grocer, on Tuesday reported that quarterly profit edged up as  it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales rebounded.
3	Phishers develop sophisticated lure Fraudsters have developed phishing emails capable of automatically stealing bank log-in details without requiring users to click on a website link, email filtering firm MessageLabs warns.
2	Truckers begin All-India strike With the All India Motor Transport Congress rejecting the government #39;s last-minute bid for a negotiated settlement, truck owners have gone on an indefinite strike demanding the scrapping of service tax.
3	Bill Gates is most "spammed" person in the world: Microsoft CEO (AFP) AFP - Internet junkies, take heart: Microsoft chairman  Bill Gates receives four million e-mails daily, most of them spam, and is probably the most  quot;spammed quot; person in the world.
0	US Catholics seek new head bishop US Roman Catholic bishops are meeting to elect their new president, who they hope will restore the church's reputation after a string of child abuse scandals.
1	More surgery for Vikings #39; Bennett CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett is likely sidelined two more games after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery Monday.
0	Swedish ambassador says diplomats in North Korean saw no sign of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Video footage of the area where North Korea said a huge explosion occurred showed dozens of workers swarming around a dusty construction site resembling a large dam project, while a foreign diplomat who visited the site said Friday he found no sign the 
0	Opposition Leader Urges Region Pressure on Mugabe (Reuters) Reuters - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader\Morgan Tsvangirai urged southern African countries on Tuesday\to put pressure on President Robert Mugabe to conduct free and\fair parliamentary elections in March.
2	New Airbus planes to rival Boeing The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus today announced plans for two versions of a wide-bodied passenger jet, which will see it go head-to-head with US competitor Boeing.
2	Dollar Stalls as Market Awaits Greenspan  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved on Tuesday as  most investors were reluctant to take positions ahead of an  address by the Federal Reserve chief that is expected to point  to further rises in U.S. interest rates this year.
2	In about face, Giuliani goes Wall Street NEW YORK Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani of New York, who forged a reputation as a tough prosecutor in the 1980s partially by going after Wall Street cheats, is now joining Wall Street by forming his own investment advisory practice.
3	Ion propulsion rocket gets to the Moon A European Space Agency rocket entered moon orbit Monday in a unique mission using a pioneering power plant. The s-called SMART-1 spacecraft blasted off from Kourou, French Guiana, Sept.
2	Tourism Aims at \$13 Billion Revenue from the tourism sector, crucial in financing the current accounts deficit, has passed its target for the year within the first nine months.
0	U.S. Leaks Report of No Weapons in Iraq (AP) AP - In Washington, in the tense months before war in Iraq, Charles Duelfer was confident. "Of course he is developing his weapons of mass destruction," the American arms expert wrote of Saddam Hussein.
2	Applied doubles revenue Applied Materials, the world #39;s largest manufacturer of chip-making tools, said on Tuesday that its third-quarter revenue doubled, leading to \$441 million in profit. 
2	U.S. Stocks Close Higher as Crude Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed at two-month  highs on Tuesday as a fall in oil prices eased concerns that  high energy costs would hurt corporate profits, but there was  some caution as investors awaited a speech by Federal Reserve  Chairman Alan Greenspan on Wednesday.
1	Gators pour it on in opener GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for 244 yards and three touchdowns in the rain yesterday, leading No. 11 Florida to a 49-10 rout of Eastern Michigan in the Gators' delayed season opener. Ciatrick Fason rushed for 105 yards and two TDs, while DeShawn Wynn, O.J. Small, Dallas Baker, Billy Latsko, and Skyler Thornton all scored once for Florida. The ...
0	World Leaders React to Bush Victory Russian President Vladimir Putin led world leaders #39; tributes to George W. Bush #39;s victory in the US presidential race, saying it meant Americans had not allowed themselves to be cowed by terrorists.
0	Debates Panel Seeks Bush, Kerry Response (AP) AP - The commission that proposed three presidential candidate debates says time is running out for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on details so organizers can finalize their plans.
0	Air raids hit Philippines rebels Up to 10 people are killed in air strikes on rebels in the southern island of Mindanao.
2	Philippines vows no default on debt payments The Philippine presidential palace vowed Tuesday there would be no default on debt payments although President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo admitted the country was in the midst of a  quot;fiscal crisis.
3	Aerospace giants hope to build next craft Boeing NASA Systems of Houston will team with another aerospace giant to bid on building the successor to the space shuttle, a spacecraft that would take explorers to the moon and Mars, officials from the two companies announced Tuesday.
2	Tokyo Stocks Jump by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 1.33 percent  by midday on Friday, led higher by banks and insurers thanks to  a better-than-expected corporate sentiment survey by the Bank  of Japan.
2	U.S. Stocks Fall on Inflation Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks and bonds fell on Tuesday  as a jump in producer prices sparked worries about inflation  and aggressive interest-rate hikes.
1	Millar will not play second fiddle at first Red Sox first baseman Kevin Millar , making an appearance at Modell's Sporting Goods at the Westgate Mall yesterday, said he told general manager Theo Epstein there isn't room for both him and Doug Mientkiewicz at first base.
0	Court Says U.S. Company Must Pay in Iran Murder Case  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The family of an Iranian-American  dissident assassinated on Tehran's orders is entitled to  millions of dollars in assets owed to Iran by a California  defense contractor, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Thursday.
3	Internet stocks nudge techs higher Yahoo! jumps into the music download biz while Ask Jeeves, Amazon soar; Oracle beats after the bell. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Bucking the broader market #39;s trend Tuesday, Internet stocks rallied on Yahoo!
1	Jets Struggle Once More Against Elite Team (AP) AP - After another loss to a winning team, the New York Jets tried yet again to explain why they always come up short in big games. Reserve running back LaMont Jordan was quick with an answer.
2	World markets - 13 September 2004 New York - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about revenues could weigh on stocks.
3	Lycos Pulls Anti-Spam Screensaver Lycos has officially pulled their controversial anti-spam screensaver from their website. Lycos Europes website was, until early this morning, distributing an anti-spam screensaver as part of its Make Love Not Spam campaign.
3	Seals Bludgeoned, Shot on Irish Island (Reuters) Reuters - Up to 60 protected gray seals have been\killed off the west coast of Ireland in what a wildlife group\described as slaughter.
3	Intel Shows Mystery Dual-Core Desktop Chip Well, Intel did say - dismissively of course - that wasn #39;t going to try to match AMD #39;s little dual-core Opteron demo coup of last week and show off a dual-core Xeon at the Intel Developer Forum this week and - as good as its word - it didn #39;t.
0	Colin Powell to hold talks in Japan US Secretary of State Colin Powell will travel to the Far East next week and hold talks in Japan, the Japanese Foreign Ministry said Sunday.
1	SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees can clinch a playoff berth tonight, and they can do it with a pitcher who is still unbeaten this year.
3	IBM Buys Cross-Platform Content-Management Provider IBM acquires software developer Venetica to pump up the content-handling capabilities of its DB2 platform. By Paul McDougall and Rick Whiting.
2	Salvadoran Companies Export Promise to D.C. Trade Show Small Salvadoran companies are sponsored by Expro at the D.C. Trade Show as part of a \$6 million project by the U.S. Agency for International Development.
1	Subway 500 victory overshadowed by 10 dead in company craft Euphoria turned into shock and grief minutes after the Subway 500 yesterday, as members of the winning Hendrick Motorsports team were informed that one of the organization #39;s 
2	Dollar Closes in on Lows After Weak Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar edged down against the euro on\Monday toward its lowest level in seven and a half months,\pressured after it fell through key technical levels on weak\U.S. economic data on Friday.
1	Shaq debuts in Miami win over New Jersey Dwyane Wade paced a balanced attack with 21 points and Shaquille O #39;Neal added 16 in his Heat debut, leading Miami to an easy 100-77 win over the New Jersey Nets at the Meadowlands Wednesday (Thursday in Manila).
3	XM Satellite Radio Signs Baseball Deal Washington's XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. plans to announce a deal worth as much as \$650 million with Major League Baseball today that will enable the company to carry most regular and postseason games over the next several years beginning with Opening Day 2005, said a source familiar with the deal.
3	Plugging Into the Net, Through the Humble Wall Outlet An emerging technology known as broadband over power lines may soon provide a new channel for high-speed data into homes through ordinary electrical outlets.
3	Systinet CEO sees three phases for Web services Thomas Erickson recently took over as president and CEO of Systinet, one of a growing number of companies focused on the Web services and SOA (service-oriented architecture) management spaces.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
3	TVs, cameras top holiday plans The Consumer Electronics Association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year.
3	Microsoft previews 'Whitehorse' developer tools The tools, part of an upcoming Visual Studio update, are focused on making it easier to create customized Web applications.
0	Nastase and Basescu in close finish in Romanian presidential vote BUCHAREST (AFP) - Romania #39;s presidential election ended in suspense as exit polls disagreed on whether Prime Minister Adrian Nastase had won narrowly or tied with his centre-right rival Traian Basescu.
2	Nortel battles back Nortel Networks is only a shadow of what it was three years ago. It has shed 61,500 workers worldwide, and announced last week another 3,500 are slated to go.
3	Yahoo buys MusicMatch SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo just bought the most expensive jukebox ever. But the price was anything but a few quarters. Yahoo bought online jukebox provider Musicmatch.
1	Cyclist fails test for blood Tyler Hamilton, the Olympic time-trial champion, faces the possible loss of his gold medal depending on the outcome of a second sample analysis after confirmation yesterday that he had failed a test intended to detect the use of blood transfusions to 
0	Astros and Braves Tied 2-2 After 8 ATLANTA - Jeff Bagwell and Raul Chavez homered early for the Houston Astros, but the Atlanta Braves rallied to a 2-2 tie heading into the ninth inning Thursday, as Houston sought its first victorious playoff series.    Houston took a 1-0 series lead into Game 2 against Atlanta at Turner Field...
2	WTO Imposes Penalties on US Exports The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully 
3	A Saturnian one-two punch: Flybys of Titan and Dione On Monday, the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft flew by Titan only 1,200 kilometers above the moon #39;s surface. It was the second such flyby of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, since the spacecraft began orbiting Saturn on June 30.
3	US and 7 Countries Weigh New Findings on Arctic Climate The United States and the seven other countries with Arctic territory today expressed concern about profound changes in the Arctic climate and said they would consider new scientific findings 
3	Q A: Cybertrust CEO describes new security company's plans John Becker, the CEO of newly formed Cybertrust Inc., talks about the company's plan to deliver a range of risk management services for enterprise users.
3	WebEx plays big brother A new feature in WebEx #39;s latest Web conferencing service has reporters and PowerPoint victims of all stripe a little nervous. The service being announced Monday, WebEx Sales Center, includes an Attention Indicator 
2	Safety critic says he faces FDA transfer in  quot;reprisal quot; Dr. David Graham, the Food and Drug Administration scientist who publicly criticized the agency #39;s approach to drug safety during a congressional hearing last week, said 
3	HP invokes Adaptive Enterprise mantra Hewlett-Packard will detail enhancements to its virtualization products, the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system, and its AlphaServers this week during its HP World 2004 conference in Chicago.
1	Baer set to lead Notre Dame Interim Notre Dame football coach Kent Baer completed his team #39;s third postseason practice Friday morning, and is only beginning to prepare for the Insight Bowl.
0	Iraqi Education Ministry Hit by Car Bomb; 6 Killed Until Tuesday, the Education Ministry remained untouched by the car bombs that explode daily here. Insurgents had announced from mosque loudspeakers that the 
3	UK ; Last Rites Sounded for Life-Changing Video Format  quot;We are now entering the digital age and the new DVD technology available represents a step-change in picture quality and convenience, quot; said marketing director John Mewett.
1	Australia elect to bat in second test v India Australia #39;s stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist elected to bat in the second test against India on Thursday. Australia, 1-0 up in the four-match series, retained the same eleven 
2	No Marsh, Spitzer deal in  #39;04: WSJ Company said settlement for bid rigging claim likely this month, but says investigation is ongoing. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
3	SurfControl fights phishing scams In response to the growing threat that phishing poses to e-mail users, SurfControl plans to upgrade its e-mail filter to catch these attacks, and flag more spam and other abuses.
1	Ponting slow to declare Australia #39;s coach John Buchanan was forced to defend his captain Ricky Ponting #39;s decision to delay his declaration until four overs after lunch on the fourth day of the second Test against New Zealand in Adelaide.
1	Yankees settle for single win After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that got turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2 punch.
2	Loews to Buy Entergy-Koch Pipeline  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Conglomerate Loews Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LTR.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it agreed to buy an 8,000-mile natural gas pipeline  system, from Entergy-Koch LP for \$1.14 billion, in a bid to  cash in on the rising U.S. demand for natural gas.
2	Harvard vs. Kmart Harvard University, unsuccessful in its efforts to buy Kmart out of a Brighton lease as it expands its campus in the area, is using hardball tactics to try to evict the discount store.
2	UPDATE 2-Hutchison telecom unit markets US\$1 bln IPO Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd. (HTIL), part of Hong Kong #39;s Hutchison Whampoa Ltd., on Monday began marketing a scaled-down IPO worth up to HK\$8.
2	Workers at Mexico #39;s Volkswagen plant end strike, accept 4.5 wage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Workers at Volkswagen #39;s Mexico plant agreed to end their three-day-old strike and accept a pay package close to the company #39;s original offer, officials said after talks that stretched into the early hours of Saturday.
3	Arguments conclude in evolution sticker trial Attorneys for both sides of a challenge to evolution disclaimers on science books in a suburban Atlanta school district made their final pleas before a federal judge Friday.
1	Torres Chosen First in MLS Expansion Draft (AP) AP - CD Chivas USA made Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres the first player chosen Friday in the Major League Soccer Expansion draft.
0	Leader rejects Blair  #39;second wave #39; claim Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, yesterday contradicted Tony Blair #39;s claim that there was a new conflict inside Iraq and dismissed fears of a civil war.
2	Start of Ebbers trial delayed NEW YORK -- A federal judge Tuesday delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief Bernard Ebbers until Jan. 17. The trial had been set to start Nov. 9. US District Court Judge Barbara Jones also denied Ebbers 
0	Jet crashes into frozen lake in China, killing 54 A commuter jet bound for Shanghai crashed into a frozen lake in a park just seconds after take-off from Baotou City Airport in Inner Mongolia yesterday, killing all 53 people on board and one on the ground.
3	Mozilla launches Firefox 1.0 browser The Mozilla Foundation has released Version 1.0 of its Firefox browser, an open-source product that has generated lofty expectations that it will offer real competition to Microsoft Corp.'s ubiquitous Internet Explorer.
2	Hollinger Adds 2 Independent Directors Hollinger Inc., the scandal-plagued parent of newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc., Tuesday said it increased the number of independent directors on its board to five from three.
1	Ichiro Sets Hits Record Ichiro Suzuki set the record for hits in a season with 258, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of singles Friday.
3	Teen accused of making threats about school, possessing weapons A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school and fellow students, police said Friday.
2	FDA OKs Some Heart Failure Therapies Cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday US regulators cleared the use of its implantable heart failure therapies for a wider group of patients.
0	Car bombings kill 17 Iraqis BAGHDAD -- Two car bomb attacks killed at least 17 Iraqi security officers on duty yesterday in the Sunni Triangle north and west of the capital, and two foreign truck drivers were fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul.
0	Passenger Leaves Hijacked Greek Bus  ATHENS (Reuters) - A passenger was seen leaving a hijacked  Greek bus Wednesday five hours after two foreign gunmen seized  the vehicle carrying 26 passenger in an Athens suburb, a  Reuters correspondent at the scene said.
3	Intel looks to clarify strategy, execution Intel Corp. will look to a multicore future during the Fall Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco next week as it tries to leave behind a tumultuous year plagued by product delays and road map revisions.
0	Iran talks tough on nukes Tehran - Iran #39;s top nuclear official said on Sunday the Islamic republic would refuse to accept any limitations on its nuclear activities, and threatened to halt tough UN inspections if the case was referred to the Security Council.
2	Stocks End Higher, Dow Back Above 10,000 NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks ended higher on Wednesday, as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000 for the first time in 3 weeks. 
1	Ken Caminiti, 1996 NL MVP, Dies At Age 41 New York -- Former Houston Astros slugger Ken Caminiti died today at age 41. The 1996 National League MVP admitted during his major league career that he had used steroids.
0	2004 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit - Chile In this edition of Perspective, we #39;ll take a look at some of the issues at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation or APEC Summit in Chile.
0	WTO Negotiators Finish Week of Farm Talks Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
3	Peering through the smog: Can cars be clean? As a bicycle kingdom gearing-up to become an automobile society, China, the world #39;s third largest car manufacturing base, is facing a serious problem of automobile-related pollution and soaring levels of petrol consumption.
1	Wenger concerned by Rooney deal LONDON, England -- Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger has voiced concerns about the deal that sent England striker Wayne Rooney from Everton to Manchester United, claiming the contract could cause a conflict of interest.
3	Cingular's Quiet Takeover Change is coming for AT T Wireless's 21.7 million customers -- although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores. The cell phone provider is expected to complete its \$41 billion merger with Cingular Wireless within weeks.\\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
2	Cambridge Heart hits a snag Cambridge Heart Inc. , a small, publicly traded company based in Bedford, has suffered a setback in its bid to persuade Medicare to mandate its tests for a registry of implantable defibrillator patients.
3	Authorities shut down U.K.-based news Web sites U.S. authorities working in an international investigation have shut down 20 independent news Web sites run by the Independent Media Center by seizing two U.K.-based Web servers, the group said.
1	Late surge lifts US past Aussies The Mason's Union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the United States men's basketball team was able to concoct a winning formula by relying on their unquestioned athletic superiority over the Australians yesterday.
1	Washington, DC Council Moves on Baseball Funding Washington, DC #39;s City Council on Tuesday approved a debt and tax-backed financing plan to build a new stadium for Major League Baseball, moving a step closer to bringing baseball back to the US capital.
2	Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.
2	Wall St. Seen Flat at Open as Oil Eyed  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to start little  changed on Friday as investors continue to fret over the impact  of high oil prices on earnings, while Boeing &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; will be  eyed after it reiterated its earnings forecast.
3	Demand for chips remains strong, says China #39;s SMIC Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) is expanding production capacity at its chip fabrication plants (fabs) in an effort to keep pace with growing semiconductor demand, the company #39;s chief operating officer (COO) said Friday.
0	Iraq oil line attacks spark price rise fear THERE were fresh fears over petrol prices today after saboteurs attacked a number of pipelines in southern Iraq. The latest attacks add further pressure on petrol companies to raise prices at the pumps in order to protect their investment.
3	GTA latest to sell 25m Tinsel town has leant its magic to a new video game with a Hollywood cast and an 18 certificate. The eagerly awaited PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto game San Andreas is expected to sell 25million copies worldwide for about 40 each.
1	Comeback not enough To say the Sixers had trouble scoring in the first quarter Thursday is like saying a fish has trouble surviving out of water. Of their first 16 shots, the Sixers missed exactly 16.
3	studios snub Sony DVD format Three Hollywood studios have chosen to embrace next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
2	Economic Agenda Europe at mercy of a bank driving blind IT IS said that there are three kinds of organisation: those that make things happen; those that watch things happen; and those that wonder what happened.
1	More for Dorrell LOS ANGELES UCLA football coach Karl Dorrell has been given a two-year extension, putting him under contract with the Bruins through the 2010 season.
2	Continental takes part in upstart ticket network Feeling continued pressure from the low-cost carriers, Continental Airlines is joining six other airlines in a ticket distribution network that will save them money.
1	Ryder Cup underdogs pack a bite Ask the question a dozen times and you #39;ll get a dozen answers. Or a dozen shrugs, because nobody really knows. Every two years at the Ryder Cup, the Americans send out a team that looks, on paper, unbeatable.
1	Earnhardt Loses Appeal of 25-Point Penalty Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview.
1	Cardinals #39; bats likely to be difference in NLCS Making their third National League Championship Series appearance in four years, the Cardinals #39; next goal is to get to the World Series for the first time under Tony La Russa, who began managing the club in 1996.
0	Iraq's Neighbors Prepare to Meet in Iran (AP) AP - Iran's capital is an unlikely place for Iraq's neighbors and Egypt to discuss the infiltration of terrorists into Iraq. Not only does the Persian country have a long history of conflict with Arabs, it is also accused by the United States of supporting the insurgency across the border.
1	Spurs legend Nicholson dies at 84 Tottenham #39;s legendary former manager Bill Nicholson, who inspired the London side to a famous league and cup double in 1961 has died at the age of 84, the club announced on its official website.
3	Symantec issues fixes for critical flaws Symantec has released firmware fixes for a string of critical security holes in its firewall/VPN and Gateway Security products which could be exploited to cause a denial of service, identify 
1	Red Sox Ready For Yankees After Schilling Wins 20th _ Curt Schilling #39;s 20th victory of the season was just a start for the Boston Red Sox. Schilling and the Red Sox beat Tampa Bay 11-4 Thursday night, moving within 3 1/2 games of the Yankees in 
0	Italians, Canadians gather to honour living legend: VC winner Smoky Smith (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CESENA, Italy (CP) - Italians and Canadians gathered in a town square beneath the walls of an 800-year-old castle on Friday to honour Ernest (Smoky) Smith, Canada's last surviving winner of the Victoria Cross.
0	Bush Administration Gives Annan Vote of Confidence The Bush administration has expressed confidence in United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, despite calls for his resignation from several US lawmakers over a scandal involving the UN-administered oil-for-food program for Iraq.
3	Tokyo showcases gaming goodies Tokyo has played host to an exhibition showcasing the latest attractions for gamers.
3	Investment in robots reaches record levels A joint UN-industry study says investment in industrial robots has increased by double digits to the highest level ever recorded. The Geneva-based UN Economic Commission 
1	NFL Wrap: Barber Runs Over Packers as Giants Win (Reuters) Reuters - Tiki Barber rushed for 182 yards and\ran half the length of the field for a touchdown as the New\York Giants used a stifling defense to upset the Packers 14-7\in Green Bay on Sunday.
3	IBM storage server targets midsize companies IBM last Friday announced that it will release a low-price disk server aimed at midsize companies that want to establish storage area networks.
2	Plunging Delta slashes jobs DELTA Air Lines yesterday announced a massive restructuring plan that would cut 6000 to 7000 jobs and slash more costs, but nonetheless warned that bankruptcy remained  quot;a real possibility quot;.
2	BHP Billiton 2nd-Half Net Doubles on Commodity Prices (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, more than doubled second-half profit as Chinese demand boosted commodity prices. The company is considering returning as much as \$2 billion to investors, including share buybacks. 
0	Air Liquide Profit Up Nearly 10 Percent (AP) AP - Industrial gas supplier Air Liquide SA said Monday its net profit rose nearly 10 percent in the first half of the year as industrial gas markets recovered in North America and remained strong in Asia.
3	Russia Seeks Aid for Space Program By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     MOSCOW (AP) -- Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.    Some critics have assailed the Kremlin for allowing Russia to lose its edge in space exploration - an edge exemplified by the launch exactly 47 years ago of Sputnik, the world's first satellite...
2	The new Silicon Valley: A dog-eat-dog world May I buy your beloved pet dog, just so I can take him around back and shoot him? That #39;s how the chief executive of PeopleSoft, Craig Conway, described Oracle #39;s hostile bid for his company 
3	Google Launches Mobile Messaging Service Putting some truth the rampant rumors that Google was getting into the instant messaging business, the company has announced the beta test release of Google SMS, the mobile phone equivalent of IM.
2	Ailing smokers ask Florida justices to restore \$145-billion class &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sick Florida smokers urged the state #39;s highest court Wednesday to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion US class-action award, the largest ever by an American jury.
2	Automakers improve side-impact protection Responding to a tough insurance industry crash test, automakers are making major strides to improve the safety of family sedans, according to new data released Sunday.
2	German business confidence stable despite high oil prices, strong euro (AFP) AFP - German business confidence braved surging oil prices and the strong euro to remain stable in October, a widely watched barometer of industrial confidence in the eurozone's biggest economy showed.
1	UPDATE 1-Barcelona fight back to beat Deportivo 2-1 Unbeaten Barcelona continued their imperious progress in the Primera Liga when they came from a goal down to beat Deportivo Coruna 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
0	Former Gurkhas killed in Baghdad Four ex-Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm have been killed in an attack in Baghdad. The Foreign Office confirmed the Nepalese men were all former members of the famous Gurkhas but could give no further details of the attack.
2	Foreign Tax Havens Costly to U.S., Study Says Americas biggest corporations are increas- ingly funneling profits earned in the United States to tax havens around the globe, accord- ing to a new study.
1	Now, Hurlbert #39;s future will be decided While a jury will not decide Kobe Bryant #39;s future, a jury of a different sort - voters - will decide District Attorney Mark Hurlbert #39;s.
0	Putin #39;s Strong Hand Fails Russia The mass murderers who seized the school in Beslan, Russia, this month committed one of the most heinous acts of terrorism in world history.
2	BA raising surcharges as oil prices keep rising LONDON British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul tickets because of rising oil prices.
0	Palestinian Militant Shot to Death in West Bank Israeli army officials say soldiers killed Mahmoud Hammad, a member of the militant group Islamic Jihad, as he tried to escape from a house in the village of Raba, close to the West Bank town of Jenin.
2	BoE hints rates on hold for now The Bank of England appears set to hold interest rates steady for at least the next few months after revealing policymakers did not even discuss raising borrowing costs at their November meeting.
2	Update 1: Qualcomm Net Up 35 Percent Qualcomm Inc. #39;s earnings rose 35 percent on continued sales growth in its fiscal fourth quarter, but the cell-phone technology company projected earnings for the new fiscal year below Wall Street #39;s views.
0	Mbeki into new discussions in Ivory Coast, EU urges peace (AFP) AFP - South African President Thabo Mbeki started new peace talks with various Ivory Coast groups, as European Union delegates urged all parties to find a peaceful solution to the two-year crisis wracking the divided west African nation.
3	Cheap flash drives, cheapest 1GB CF IF YOU know of any good value IT sales (auctions, rebates, one-off, clearance, surplus, classified ads) going around in the United Kingdom, France, USA or Singapore, don #39;t hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end.
0	Britain Hopes and Prays for Hostage in Iraq  LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Anxious Britons awaited news  on Wednesday of hostage Kenneth Bigley after his captors in  Iraq said they beheaded the second of two Americans being held  with him.
2	Kmart Names Yum Brands #39; Aylwin Lewis Chief Executive (Update5) Kmart Holding Corp. named Yum! Brands Inc. executive Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing Julian Day, to reverse declining sales growth.
1	LeBron scores 33 as Cavaliers rip Golden State Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. CLEVELAND, United States of America -- LeBron James scored 33 points and Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 16 to spark 
1	Goosen, Jimenez European Tours #39; secret ingredients OK, let #39;s think cakes. An unlikely way to start a golf column, we know, but all will become clear. We hope. Ask any Mom across the whole wide world and she will tell you that she needs all sort 
2	CSFB May Cut Jobs as Costs Outstrip Goldman, Lehman (Update1) Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, may eliminate hundreds of jobs at its securities unit to lower costs that are among the highest on Wall Street, people familiar with the matter said.
0	World ; Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov #39;t Swipes at US The minister said the attack was aimed at halting prosecutions led by Anderson against several hundred opposition politicians, lawyers and former military officers accused of supporting Chavez #39;s short-lived ouster in the 2002 coup.
2	Earning the People #39;s Trust A few days ago I made a 24-hour visit to Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, as part of a group of Russian journalists at the invitation of the Georgian government and President Mikheil Saakashvili.
3	Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.
1	Crowd to blame says Carlos CARLOS Queiroz believes that the Spanish crowd #39;s racist chants sparked off the ugly scenes on the field between Spain and England.
2	Banks pay price for money laundering THE fight against money laundering is costing banks and other financial institutions dear as they invest heavily in technology to combat crime, according to a survey by KPMG.
0	AMD introduces low-cost Net access device in India (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. has introduced a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
0	Indian truckers' strike enters third day, prices spiral (AFP) AFP - A strike by thousands of Indian truckers protesting a proposed new tax entered its third day, with officials reporting a sharp increase in prices of essential goods in major centres.
2	Dow closes under 10,000 on oil fears The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks on Monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly USD50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits.
3	Lunar Eclipse Wednesday to Have Easy Viewing Hours Just in time for Halloween season, the moon next week will treat us to its most famous trick: changing from bright white to pumpkin orange as it passes through Earth's shadow.
2	Rite Aid Posts Profit Vs. Year-Ago Loss Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. (RAD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related expense.
2	Jones to buy Barneys Jones, owner of the Jones New York, Anne Klein and Nine West brands, yesterday said it is buying luxury retailer Barneys New York for approximately \$400 million.
3	Show Time for Stem-Cell Science It's time to get down to business for stem-cell scientists and administrators after the tremendous boost they received from the passage of California's Proposition 71. Two advisory board appointments have been made; there are 25 to go. By Kristen Philipkoski.
2	Shrimp trade with US hindered The United States yesterday announced anti-dumping duties on imports of Chinese shrimp as high as 113 per cent, a move that will hurt both US consumers and Chinese shrimp farmers, China Daily reported Thursday.
3	EA Sees Girl Power Boost with 'Sims 2' Sales  LONDON (Reuters) - Video game giant Electronic Arts expects  to sell 2 million units of the "Sims 2" video game this year in  Europe, proving skeptics wrong that you can't build a market  around female gamers.
2	Computer Associates to Cut Workforce -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an  attempt to cut costs, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Wednesday.
1	China finishes 1-2 in springboard diving Guo Jingjing and Wu Minxia gave China gold and silver Thursday night in the Olympic women #39;s springboard diving event. China ran its diving medal total to seven.
1	Callahan: Oklahoma fans #39; shoddy treatment sparked outburst Nebraska coach Bill Callahan said his profane outburst directed at Oklahoma fans was prompted by a group of student hecklers who were allowed to get close to his players during warmups and fans throwing oranges on the field.
0	Anwar Seeks Court Clearance A bid by Malaysias former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim to clear his criminal record and return to politics gained pace today as the nations highest court said it would rule next week on an appeal to overturn his corruption conviction.
2	Italian automaker Fiat chief denies GM pullout Italian automaker Fiat chief Luca Cordero de Montezemolo denied on Saturday rumors that US car giant General Motors is planning to pull out of the Italian carmaker.
3	Apple plans Toronto retail store The Mac maker confirmed to CNET News.com on Friday that it plans to open a store in Toronto in mid-2005. Apple started notifying Canadian retailers of its plans earlier Friday, according to Mac enthusiast site Macosxrumors.
2	Wal-Mart Sees Sept. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the No. 1 retailer, on Monday said September sales at US stores open at least a year were tracking in line with its forecast for a 2 percent to 4 percent increase 
1	Cavs Dunk Bobcats LeBron James slams down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and Cleveland never looks back in a 106-89 victory over Charlotte on Thursday night.
1	Wallace Returns, Pistons Lose Spurs 80, Pistons 77 SAN ANTONIO -- With big, bad Ben Wallace back in the lineup, the Detroit Pistons almost rallied from a big deficit for a big win. A bigger night from their big man might #39;ve helped.
1	Cubs Pitcher Kerry Wood Loses Appeal (AP) AP - Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood's appeal was rejected Monday and he will begin serving his five-game suspension Tuesday.
0	Derrida, father of deconstruction, dies at 74 Jacques Derrida, the influential French thinker and writer who inspired admiration, vilification and utter bewilderment as the founder of the intellectual movement known as deconstruction, has died.
3	Second Spyware Bill Gets OK in House Both bills will likely need to be combined into one and then reconciled with similar bills that have originated in the Senate before they can start to make their way through both houses again.
2	Delphi Narrows Quarterly Net Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Auto parts supplier Delphi Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DPH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DPH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a smaller quarterly loss as lower  restructuring charges offset the effects of North American  motor vehicle production cuts and rising materials costs.
1	The Tufts Daily - Inside the NLCS: Astros storm back to take &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Inside the NLCS: Astros storm back to take series lead while St. Louis teeters on edge of elimination. By Jesse Gerner. Move over New York Yankees, there #39;s a new Daddy in town.
2	Convention bookings The National Association of Chain Drug Stores has booked six of its conventions between 2007 and 2011 at the Boston Convention  amp; Exhibition Center, the \$800 million South Boston facility that opened in April. The group will hold its Marketplace Conference and Pharmacy and Technology Conference at the center in 2007, 2009 and 2011. A total of 25,000 attendees are ...
1	United Plans the Next Big Gamble MANCHESTER, UK - As reported by This is London:  quot;Manchester United has revived plans to build a casino next to its Old Trafford ground.
2	Oil surges as Bush nears win SINGAPORE: Oil prices have spiked up above \$51 a barrel as increasing signs of an electoral victory for US President George W Bush raises the prospect of continued high demand in the world #39;s biggest energy consumer.
2	Reports Show a Mixed View of Economy Factory orders for costly manufactured goods in July recorded the biggest gain in four months. New-homes sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
2	Oil Rebounds After Iraq Pipeline Attack Oil prices rose on Friday as a sabotage attack on Iraqi oil infrastructure reignited concern about the reliability of crude exports from the country despite a peace deal to end an uprising in Najaf.
3	Uganda Opposes Trade in Ivory A TEAM of wildlife officials has left for a global meeting in Bangkok, Thailand to oppose the lifting of the ban imposed on ivory trade.
3	Experts Nix Endangered Status for Grouse (AP) AP - Interior Department biologists have recommended against adding the sage grouse to the endangered species list, a determination that could wind up benefiting natural gas and oil producers but add to environmentalists' concerns.
3	Symantec plugs holes in firewall Security specialist issues patches for vulnerabilities that could have allowed denial-of-service attacks against some hardware models.
0	Senate Panel Approves Goss for CIA Director (Reuters) Reuters - The Senate Intelligence Committee\voted 12-4 on Tuesday to approve the nomination of Republican\Florida congressman Porter Goss to become the new CIA director,\paving the way for full Senate confirmation.
3	The polluted planet: Alarm as global study finds one-third of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They were the first animals with backbones to walk on land. They witnessed the rise and fall of the dinosaurs and were present at the birth of a bipedal ape who went on to become 
3	Supreme Court upholds do-not-call registry The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal by commercial telemarketers opposed to the popular program, in which consumers can put their names on a list if they do not want to be called.
0	 #39;Arms photo reasonable #39;: Ahern British and Irish Government proposals for photographic evidence of IRA decommissioning were reasonable, the Irish premier has said.
1	Class of 2004 announced USA Track  amp; Field on Monday announced the inductees for the Class of 2004 for the National Track  amp; Field Hall of Fame. The inductees are modern athletes Jackie Joyner-Kersee, Michael Johnson, Joan Benoit Samuelson 
0	Former POWs Blame Kerry for Captivity (AP) AP - Former U.S. prisoners of war who blamed their years of captivity in Vietnam on activists such as John Kerry are the only voices in a documentary that Sinclair Broadcasting has decided not to air in its entirety.
2	YUKOS Seeks US Bankruptcy Russian oil major YUKOS has filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court and will seek an injunction to stop Russia from auctioning off its main production unit on Dec. 19, it said on Wednesday.
2	Munder's Cook Keeps Eyes on Net  NEW YORK (Reuters) - About a decade ago, Paul Cook, a  technology officer at Munder Capital, spent so many late nights  at the office studying to become a certified financial analyst  that his wife suspected he was having an affair.
3	Red Roof Inns Selects T-Mobile for Broadband Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Building on its strategy to push its service into hotels, T-Mobile will be making its HotSpot wireless-broadband service available throughout the Red Roof Inn chain, owned by Accor. Under the agreement, guests at the Red Roof Inns can access the network in the common area and in individual rooms.
1	Mancini Ready To Chase Juventus Inter Milan trainer Roberto Mancini is urging his side to keep the pressure on first place Juventus by continuing to turn their fine form into victories.
1	Langer #39;s delight at resurgent Harrington There was a family double for the Harringtons on Sunday but both Padraig and Joey will be hoping the same does not come true next weekend.
3	Sony takes on iPod with new hard disk Walkman Sony Corp has unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player in an attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computers iPod.
0	Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and rescuing what they could as President Bush promised rapid delivery of disaster aid...
1	Hewitt cops a Federer hiding WORLD No.1 Roger Federer put on a punishing display of power tennis to defeat Lleyton Hewitt 6-0 7-6 (7-3) 6-0 in the US Open men #39;s final today.
2	AstraZeneca delays Galida filing to 2007 LONDON, October 6 (newratings.com) - AstraZeneca (AZN.ISE) has delayed the regulatory approval filing target for its diabetes drug, Galida, from 2006 to 2007, while admitting that its anti-blood clotting drug, Exanta, was unlikely to receive the US 
1	Big East Picks Syracuse Hoops in Preseason Syracuse was the runaway preseason pick of Big East coaches Wednesday on the strength of a team that has all its starters back after reaching the round of 16 last season.
2	Quick action urged on LAX #39;s security fixes RAND report examines attack scenarios. One suggestion is eliminating long ticket lines in terminal lobbies. By Ian Gregor and David Zahniser.
2	Telkom Welcomes Black Consortium As Strategic Shareholder JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--Telkom SA Ltd (TKG) said in a statement Tuesday it welcomes the sale of a 15.1 stake in the company to a black consortium.
1	Aussies Upset U.S. Women in Medley Relay (AP) AP - Petria Thomas overtook Jenny Thompson on the third leg of the Olympic women's 400-meter medley relay Saturday night, helping Australia upset the United States in world-record time.
3	Xbox to Stop Making Some Sports Games (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s Xbox video game business will lay off 76 workers and stop making some sports games, the company said.
0	India #39;s role vital to resolve Maoist problem: US envoy Kathmandu: India has a very important role to play in finding a long-term solution to the Maoist problem in Nepal, which has claimed over 10,000 lives since 1996, US Ambassador to Nepal James F. Moriarty has said.
2	Indonesia urges debt flexibility Indonesia calls on the International Monetary Fund to help reschedule its debts, as figures reveal a slowdown in economic growth.
1	Mariucci Builds a Team Close to Home teve Mariucci, coaching in the state of his birth, is an optimist who still leaves tickets at Ford Field for his parents. His Detroit Lions, one of the surprise teams in the National Football 
3	McNealy: Sun Micro Gambles On Free Operating System More than one way to skin a market. Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) believes the pricing on Solaris 10 will be irresistible: nada.
0	Arafat in pain but expected to recover-Shaath Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is in pain because of an intestine problem but his doctors expect him to be feeling much better in a few days, the Palestinian Authority #39;s foreign minister said today.
3	NASA to relaunch space mission The United States is to resume its space shuttle program next year after the Columbia shuttle tragedy in 2003. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or NASA, announced 
0	Kuwait Firm Says Its Truckers Held in Iraq Freed  KUWAIT (Reuters) - A Kuwaiti company with seven truck  drivers held captive in Iraq said Wednesday that they have been  freed by their captors.
0	Kidnap accused says he worked for US A former American soldier accused of kidnapping and torturing terror suspects in Afghanistan has told a Kabul court that the FBI is withholding hundreds of documents showing that he was working for the US Government. 
3	Spyware interferes with Microsoft patch Though Microsoft Corp. #39;s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can #39;t do much about what #39;s already on computers -- and that could pose a problem.
1	Hughes cheered by remarkable comeback Booed off at the interval by their lowest Premiership crowd of the season, Blackburn Rovers earned a rousing send-off an hour later for salvaging an unlikely point at the expense of a bemused Birmingham.
1	Caminiti Dies at 41 Ken Caminiti, the 1996 NL MVP who later admitted using steroids, died Sunday of a heart attack.
3	A Palmtop's Curious Subtraction The new Palm Tungsten T5 takes a lot of steps backward, but offers one huge leap forward.
1	Federer beats Roddick to win Thailand Open Roger Federer defeated Andy Roddick 6-4 6-0 to win the Thailand Open on Sunday, and joined Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe as the only players to win 12 consecutive finals.
2	Corning goes ahead with capacity upgrade Corning Inc, the world #39;s largest maker of glass substrates used in liquid-crystal displays (LCDs), said yesterday that it would go ahead with its capacity expansion as planned, adding that decisions 
0	Frederick Pleads Guilty The highest ranking soldier charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleads guilty to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at the prison.
1	Horna Ends Paradorn Bid for Long Island History  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Paradorn Srichaphan's bid to  become only the second man to win the \$380,000 Long Island Cup  in three successive years ended when he lost 1-6, 6-4, 7-6 to  Luis Horna of Peru in a dramatic semifinal Saturday.
2	Justice Department joins probe of AIG services to PNC The US Department of Justice launched an investigation of accounting services the American International Group Inc. provided to PNC that may have violated securities laws, the company said.
2	A Taste of Yum! Wins the World Over It seems that fast food is in style. Favorites McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) and Wendy #39;s (NYSE: WEN) had already posted positive August sales comps; Yum!
1	Forsyth leads the way at Volvo Masters Alastair Forsyth will take a three-stroke lead into the Volvo Masters final round on Sunday after overshadowing tournament favourite and playing-partner Sergio Garcia.
0	Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Demands Truce  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a  Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and  leave one of the country's holiest Islamic shrines, but only  after a truce with encircling U.S. Marines.
3	Langa Letter: A New Way To Slim Down Windows XP, Including SP2 A classic tweaking tool that began life as the freeware 98 Lite gets updated to work with XP SP2. In tests, it helped slim down a Windows XP installation by more than 50.
3	Bid to Salvage Solar Evidence from Crashed Capsule Scientists are beginning efforts to retrieve solar atoms from the crashed Genesis space capsule, a day after it plunged to earth and slammed into the Utah desert.
3	Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves\\Topix.net today announced that it has been selected by Ask Jeeves, Inc. to provide news to Ask Jeeves for its Local News channel. Through this partnership, Ask Jeeves becomes the first major search engine to feature Topix.net's news technology.\\Topix.net provides visitors to Ask ...
0	Iran to Consider EU Nuclear Offer, No Deal Yet (Reuters) Reuters - Iran has not agreed to an offer by the\European Union to receive nuclear technology in exchange for\abandoning its uranium enrichment program, but it will consider\the proposal, an Iranian official said on Thursday.
0	Image Gallery of Indian hostages back home Freed Indian hostages Sukhdev Singh, Antaryami and Tilak Raj were back home on Friday. The three truckers, freed in Iraq after a six-week ordeal, arrived to a rousing welcome from a huge crowd at New Delhi 
1	MLB reduces suspensions for three Texas pitchers Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - The three Texas Rangers relievers involved in last Monday #39;s altercation with fans in Oakland had their suspension reduced one game each by the league Wednesday.
1	Quick free angers Mourinho CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho said he was  quot;more than unhappy quot; after Arsenal striker Thierry Henry #39;s second goal was allowed to stand at Highbury today.
1	USA 5, RUSSIA 3: Minor miracle -- Tkachuk #39;s four goals carry USA &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Someone wearing an old Soviet sweater sat in Section 215, and a big, white banner stretched across his entire row. In red letters, it said:  quot;MIRACLE IS OVER.
0	US launches air raids on Fallujah, aid worker #39;s captors give 48 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH, Iraq : The US military said it had launched two air raids overnight on the rebel-held Iraqi flashpoint town of Fallujah, but it was not immediately clear if there were any casualties.
1	Vibrant Villeneuve eyes podium in vital end game for Renault IN A Renault, the twin tasks of collecting at least a point and motivating the team should not be too onerous for a man who is a former world champion and considered one of the best racers of his generation, especially when Jacques Villeneuve has tended 
2	US Airways Reports \$232 Million Loss ARLINGTON, Va. -- Bankrupt US Airways says it lost \$232 million dollars July through September, more than twice as much as a year ago.
1	UNITED: RIVALS LINE UP NEW BID A RIVAL consortium last night declared war on US tycoon Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to take control of Manchester United. Former Football League chairman Keith Harris is heading a team of  #39;red knights #39; to wrestle the club from dollar billionaire Glazer.
1	Slutskaya leads after short program Olympic silver medalist and 2002 world champion Irina Slutskaya presented an almost flawless program to take the lead after the short program at the Cup of Russia on Friday.
0	Al Qaeda leader reportedly killed in Pakistan Pakistani paramilitary forces killed one of the most wanted militants in the country Sunday, a government official said. Amjad Hussain Farooqi was killed in an early morning raid 
2	HealthSouth Names John Workman CFO  CHICAGO (Reuters) - HealthSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLSH.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLSH.PK&lt;/A&gt;, an  operator of rehabilitation, diagnostic imaging and surgery  centers, on Tuesday said it hired the former chief executive of  U.S. Can Co. to be its chief financial officer.
0	Blair Opponents Renew Attack Over Iraq (AP) AP - Political opponents of Prime Minister Tony Blair launched a renewed attack on his handling of the Iraq conflict Sunday, as British soldiers prepared to move deeper into the country to support U.S. troops.
3	Officials say Linux not a price ploy in Microsoft deal Local government in UK says it didn't use the open-source OS as a bargaining chip; Microsoft was simply best option.
2	Tokyo Stocks Seen Moving Little  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks will probably move little  on Monday as soaring oil prices and caution ahead of the U.S.  presidential election next month and its possible impact on  financial markets make investors nervous about trading  actively.
2	Genelabs plunges on failed study BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Genelabs Technologies Inc. plummeted early Tuesday after the biotechnology firm announced that its lupus drug Prestara has proven ineffective in a Phase III clinical study.
3	VIDEO GAME REVIEWS:  quot;Halo 2 quot; a worthy sequel that mostly lives up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even if you don #39;t play video games, chances are you #39;ve heard about  quot;Halo 2. quot;. Microsoft Corp. made sure of that with a massive PR blitz, boldly proclaiming  quot;there hasn #39;t been this much anticipation 
0	European stocks fall amid new record price spike for oil (AFP) AFP - European stock markets reversed initial gains to fall in early trading, as New York crude oil futures rose to new record high points above 55 dollars a barrel, dealers said.
0	Report: Bribes Got Bomb Suspects on Planes (AP) AP - Russian authorities believe that two Chechen women suspected of blowing up Russian passenger jets last month got on the planes by paying bribes, media reports said.
3	US TECH EXECS #39; OPTIMISM IS UP August 31, 2004 -- US technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released yesterday.
2	Colgate-Palmolive to Cut 4,000 Jobs Description: Colgate-Palmolive says it will cut more than 4,000 jobs and close a third of its factories worldwide. The company plans to use the savings for advertising and new product development.
1	Greek Weightlifter Out Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal and expelled from the Olympics for a doping offense.
2	Dollar Firm Ahead of Greenspan, Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday on optimism about the U.S. economy  as the market awaited comments from Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan.
2	Digital Subscribers Help Cablevision Cut Loss Cablevision Systems said yesterday that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high-speed Internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
2	Bextra report questions effects on heart patients A study suggesting arthritis drug Bextra doubles patients #39; heart attack and stroke risks drew a sharp rebuttal Wednesday from the drug #39;s maker, Pfizer (PFE), as its stock price dipped.
2	Jeans Maker VF Sees Earns Up 24 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - VF Corp , the world's largest\jeans maker, on Thursday said third-quarter profit jumped 24\percent, boosted by recent acquisitions, and set a new\long-term sales growth target of 8 percent.
2	Economic Growth Better Than Thought  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy grew faster in the  second quarter than previously thought as business inventories  rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said  on Wednesday, a sign the soft patch was not as soft as feared.
3	Record Companies Raided Over Mobile Ringtones TOKYO (AP) -- Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.    Fair Trade Commission official Toshihiko Oizumi said investigators suspect more than 10 companies violated Japan's fair trade laws by preventing the Japanese mobile phone operators from offering the service...
3	Acer revs new Ferrari notebook The Ferrari 3400 uses Advanced Micro Devices #39; Athlon 64 processor 3000, as well as AMD #39;s technology for extended system battery life, Acer said.
2	Escape Hybrid makes its debut After waiting three long years, Bill Hammons was eager to get the keys to his new hybrid Ford Escape. And it #39;s no exaggeration to say Ford Motor Co.
3	Microsoft E-Mail Looks Like Spam to Some For a year, Microsoft Corp. has extolled the virtues of the Can-Spam Act, which Congress passed in late 2003 to crack down on purveyors of unwanted bulk e-mail.  But some think the software giant is engaged in its own spamming.&lt;BR&gt;\\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Iran absolutely will not engage in nuclear weapons program: EU The European Union welcomes Iran #39;s new offer to suspend sensitive nuclear activities, saying Tehran should be given a few more months to comply before any tougher action, the Netherlands said on Thursday.
3	Arctic Melting Fast; May Swamp US Coasts by 2099 The consequences of such a massive meltdown of northern ice would be dramatic, according to the study.  Low-lying coastal areas in Florida and Louisiana could be flooded by the sea.
1	A look back Defense and special teams keep Tampa Bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal. By RICK STROUD, Times Staff Writer.
1	Cup doesn #39;t runneth over for the US BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- The dateline fools you as much as the event may fool you. These are the suburbs of Detroit, where the grit turns into greenery, where the big shots who manage the car factories 
2	Report: Johnson  amp; Johnson in talks to buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ), the drug and health care products company, is reportedly in advanced negotiations to buy Guidant (GDT), a leading maker of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
2	Boeing and Northrop Say Profits Jumped in Quarter Robust demand for military equipment and technology led two arms makers to post higher quarterly profit yesterday, with Boeing reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in commercial airplane revenue.
1	US Cricketers Exit Champions Trophy With Tournament-Low Score Australia captain Ricky Ponting questioned the US team #39;s place in cricket #39;s second-biggest event after his players bowled the Americans out for the lowest total in the tournament #39;s history to win by nine wickets.
3	Hackers Target Microsoft JPEG Hole (PC World) PC World - Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
0	BLAIR CALLS FOR INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT OF AFRICA The Africa Commissions motto is to find out means to develop Africa and explain the cause of continents poor growth in the past.
3	Red Hat buys Netscape Enterprise Solutions from AOL Enterprise Linux specialist Red Hat has snapped up choice pieces of Netscape Enterprise solutions from AOL. These include the Netscape Enterprise Suite and include Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
0	Europe helps tackle Morocco fires France, Spain and Italy are sending water-bomber planes to Morocco to fight a major forest fire . 
0	Blair, Ahern press Northern Ireland rivals in talks grind (AFP) AFP - Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland dug in with Northern Ireland's rival Catholic and Protestant parties for a second day of talks aimed at restoring the province's power-sharing government.
2	SBC Will Cut 10,000 Jobs by 2005-Filing SBC Communications (SBC) will cut 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing with US market regulators on Friday.
0	Troops Patrol Streets in Hurricane-Ravaged Grenada  PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad (Reuters) - Troops secured  buildings against looters and authorities imposed a  dusk-to-dawn curfew as the tiny Caribbean island of Grenada  struggled to recover on Friday from Hurricane Ivan's  devastating strike.
0	Howard plans to create new police squads to tackle regional &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TONY EASTLEY: As mentioned the Prime Minister is also in northern Australia and his focus is also on national security, although he #39;s under attack for his initial opposition to the Coalition #39;s \$600 family payment.
1	MAURESMO CAUTIOUS OVER COMEBACK Amelie Mauresmo is set to adopt a low-risk strategy as she returns to fitness following a thigh injury. The Frenchwoman became world number one for the first time in September but did not hold the position 
2	Tennessee seat belt use improves The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says state seat belt use increased from about 69 percent in 2003 to 72 percent in 2004.
0	Question of medicare reform has become test of Martin's political credibility (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - There was a moment before the last federal election when medicare reform became more than just a campaign promise for Prime Minister Paul Martin.
2	Judge cuts Microsoft fees to \$100 m SEATTLE: A San Francisco judge ordered Microsoft Corp to pay lawyers involved in its \$1.1 billion class action settlement \$100 million in legal fees, less than half of the original fees they requested, company officials said.
3	Microsoft delays SP2 auto update Slowdown will give big companies more time to hunt down compatibility problems, the company says.
2	Oil Prices Edge Up on Iraq Exports Woes (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices rose on Monday as Iraq's\oil exports continued at more than 30 percent below normal\after sabotage attacks on pipelines.
2	Saks Slips Into Surprise Loss in 3rd Qtr.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator Saks Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SKS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected loss for its third  quarter, hurt by hurricanes in the southeastern United States  and charges for the closure of some stores.
2	Indian economy to grow 7.5 percent annually says PM (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said India's economy would grow by 7.5 percent annually over the next decade and could be one of the world's biggest economies in the next generation.
0	MILLPOND BOTTOM JOURNAL Right-to-Roam Laws Let British Walk Over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They gathered under the pink walls of the Royal Oak Inn, then marched here to this gentle vale to claim their slice of new freedom.
2	China Pledges to Push Ahead #39; to Flexible Yuan Rate (Update6) China pledged to push ahead firmly and steadily #39; #39; toward a more flexible exchange rate without providing a timetable for the shift from a currency peg that is criticized by the Group of Seven industrial nations.
1	Arizona pulls away for another NIT win Mustafa Shakur scored 23 and Ivan Radenovic 20 - both career highs - in No.10 Arizona #39;s 80-69 victory over San Diego on Tuesday in the first round of the Preseason NIT.
3	Criticism and Praise for New HDS Storage Platform Hitachi Data Systems #39; (Quote, Chart) TagmaStore Universal Storage Platform was designed to grab market share from high-end competitors EMC and IBM (Quote, Chart).
1	Brown, Titans run by Packers AMERICAN CONFERENCE East WLTPctPFPANew England4001.00010563N.Y. Jets4001.0009875Buffalo040.0005173Miami050.0004287 South WLTPctPFPAIndianapolis410.
0	On 38th Floor, a \$9 Million Sample Sale Pierre Berg's 38th-floor apartment in the Pierre hotel is a sumptuously furnished pied--terre in the sky. But, after 26 years, he is selling the five-room apartment.
1	Seville to Host U.S.-Spain Davis Cup Final (AP) AP - Seville will host the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States in December, with the matches played on a clay court.
3	Spacewalking Astronauts Install Antennas (AP) AP - Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station's two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment.
1	No. 3 Syracuse Beats St. Bonaventure 91-67 (AP) AP - Hakim Warrick had 18 points and 11 rebounds and Josh Pace added 14 points and 10 rebounds to lead No. 3 Syracuse past St. Bonaventure 91-67 on Wednesday night.
3	EPA Will Use Poor Kids as Guinea Pigs in New Study on Pesticides WASHINGTON -- November 12 -- The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), led by Bush appointees, plans to launch a new study in which participating low income families will have their children exposed to toxic pesticides over the course of two years.
3	Watching while you work Computer misuse at government offices is an ongoing problem, and experts say managers should take specific actions to keep federal employees from using their desktop computers for personal business.
1	Jays Claim Song Off Waivers From Montreal (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays claimed right-hander Seung Song off waivers from the Montreal Expos on Saturday.
2	Adobe Posts Sharp Rise in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adobe Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ADBE.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported a sharp rise in quarterly profit, driven by robust  demand for its Photoshop and document-sharing software.
1	Reeling Kiwis try to get back on the wagon IF, as New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming suggested in the wake of yesterday #39;s embarrassing capitulation, his team began the day with a  quot;mental hangover quot; then he faces a devil #39;s own job getting them back on the wagon in time for the next Test, starting 
3	The BlackBerry Brain Trust First he reinvented the way we get e-mail. Now he's rounded up a bunch of radical thinkers to reinvent physics itself. By Duff McDonald from Wired magazine.
2	Crematory Operator Pleads Guilty To Corpse Abuse, Fraud A former crematory operator in Georgia has pleaded guilty to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families cement dust instead of ashes.
0	Tired Pope Beatifies Mel Gibon #39;s  #39;Muse #39; Pope John Paul, looking tired and speaking with difficulty, put five Catholics on the road to sainthood Sunday, including the 19th century German mystic nun who inspired Mel Gibson #39;s film on Christ #39;s passion.
1	Wenger hits back at Hiddink Arsene Wenger has responded to Gus Hiddink #39;s suggestion that he is a moaner by accusing the Dutchman of letting emotion get the better of him.
2	Pfizer #39;s Celebrex could have a problem Pfizer (PFE) said Friday that it has received new information about the cardiovascular safety of its popular arthritis drug Celebrex, based on an analysis of a long-term cancer trial, but it has no plans to withdraw the drug.
1	Germany wins women #39;s under-19 soccer title; US is third Germany won the FIFA Under-19 Women #39;s World Championship on Saturday with a 2-0 victory over China. The United States finished third, beating Brazil 3-0 in the earlier game.
0	Ukraine in Turmoil as Agreement Crumbles  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing leader denied  on Tuesday he had agreed on concessions with his opponents to  end a crisis that has plunged the country into turmoil and  driven a wedge between Russia and the West.
3	INTERVIEW: DVD Format Winner May Be Set This Yr-Toshiba TOKYO (Dow Jones)--The battle over the high-definition successor to the current generation of DVDs is escalating with a winner possibly declared within the year, an executive at Toshiba Corp.
0	UN Staff Marks Baghdad Bomb Anniversary with Security Demand United Nations employees marked the anniversary of the Baghdad bombing with a demand for better security. The fear of further attacks hangs heavy as the world body anticipates a greater role in Iraq, and other world hot spots. 
3	JBoss ships J2EE app server com September 20, 2004, 9:38 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
1	Proceed With Caution For the 10 drivers competing in NASCAR's new 10-race playoff, there will be one key goal Sunday in Talladega: staying out of trouble.
2	Botswana firm 'dismisses' workers Botswanan diamond mining firm Debswana dismisses workers who took part in an illegal strike, agency reports say.
0	Yanks Rout BoSox 11-1, Extending AL Lead NEW YORK - Gary Sheffield and the New York Yankees battered Pedro Martinez, opening some breathing room in the AL East. Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing Sunday in New York's 11-1 rout of the Boston Red Sox...
3	Rojo is Smashing Baby! \\Since we launched at Web2  last week there has been a log of great feedback\about Rojo .  \\First off is this *great* new Austin Power logo from Constantin Basturea \\Smashing Baby!\\On the subject of eye candy check out the CafePress store  that Chris  put\together.  Very hip indeed!\\I might get this for my girlfriend:\\... and this for my backpack:\\We've been getting a lot of great feedback.  Thanks to everyone  for helping\us out during our beta trial!\\We even have our first Rojo external plugin :\\"My room mate, Dylan Parker, has just released a plugin for FireFox named\JustBlogIt. JustBlogIt is a Mozilla / Firefox extension that allows easy\right-click posting to a weblog. It a ...\\
1	Porto adds quick-tempered, quick-footed Fabiano to roster European champion Porto has signed Brazil striker Luis Fabiano from Sao Paulo, the Portuguese club said on its Web site on Tuesday.
2	Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain (Reuters) Reuters - Gold hit its highest level in more\than 16 years on Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool\worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained\modestly after a solid performance on Wall Street.
2	AmerisourceBergen Cites Lowers Outlook Drug-distributor AmerisourceBergen Corp., following in a rival #39;s footsteps, warned that lower-than-expected increases in drug prices will hit earnings for the quarter and fiscal year ended Sept.
3	IBM Starting Warning List on Threats to Networks IBM said that it saw 997 Internet attacks in September directed at networks that the company monitors, a 27 percent increase from July and August.
1	How to play it straight Like the  quot;Curse of the Bambino, quot; baseball's unwritten rules are still a part of the game.
2	Tripath Tech sees Q3 loss widening SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Tripath Technology plunged as much as 57 percent in late trading Friday after the company said its third-quarter loss would widen, revenue would come in well below its previous outlook and that it would take a charge 
2	Cemex Buys 18.8 Percent Stake in RMC  LONDON (Reuters) - Mexican cement company Cemex said on  Monday it had spent about 432 million pounds (\$780 million)  buying an 18.8 percent stake in RMC Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RMC.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RMC.L&lt;/A&gt; as part of  its planned takeover of its British rival.
1	Baseball Shock At Caminiti Death Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.
1	Pekerman looks like favorite to coach Argentina Jose Pekerman emerged as favourite to take over as Argentina coach on Wednesday after original first choice Carlos Bianchi turned down the job, Argentina Football Association president Julio Grondona said.
2	Overtime rules go in effect Monday Whether they #39;ve been ready for months or are frantically working overtime to catch up, employers of all stripes have until Monday to conform to new labor regulations.
0	Afghan President, Rival Campaign Despite Threats  KABUL (Reuters) - The two main rivals in Afghanistan's  first presidential election threw themselves into campaigning  Tuesday, drawing crowds of supporters four days before a vote  that many hope could be a turning point for the war-torn  nation.
0	Car bombs kill 12 in Baghdad, Mosul, oil pipeline blown up Baghdad, Nov 03 - Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as pressure mounted on interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi to avert a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
3	Are you game? That Michael Siewert didn #39;t fit in at the recent launch party for Sony PS2 #39;s fall releases was telling. The bulky, plainly dressed video game critic from Edmonton had been squeezed to the back of the VIP area 
1	Moya #39;s magic seals Davis Cup for Spain A MAJESTIC Carlos Moya tamed world No2 Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6, 7-6 yesterday to clinch the Davis Cup for Spain. The popular Majorcan erased the heartache of missing Spains maiden triumph in 2000 by bringing 
3	Oddworld Gets Wrathful November 11, 2004 - Electronic Arts announced today that the next game in the Oddworld series, until now known as Oddworld Stranger, is now officially titled Oddworld Stranger #39;s Wrath.
2	Fannie Mae May Buy Fewer Mortgages to Meet Capital Requirement Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage buyer, may slow purchases of home loans to meet its regulator #39;s demand to boost capital, hurting earnings prospects.
2	Europe joins Citigroup bond probe France and Germany's market watchdogs say they are looking into Citigroup bond trades already under scrutiny in the UK.
0	Annan rejects Iraq oil bribe claim Kofi Annan rejects claims that France and Russia might have been willing to ease sanctions on Iraq in return for oil.
0	Jerusalem Unimpressed with Assads Statements (IsraelNN.com) Officials in Jerusalem responding to statements quoting Syrian President Bashar el-Assad report there is nothing new in Syrias position.
1	Serena Fights Back, Davenport Off to a Flier in LA  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams came back from a  set and two breaks down to beat Anastasia Myskina 4-6, 6-3, 6-4  on the opening night of group play at the WTA Championships  Wednesday.
2	Merck Pulls Arthritis Drug Off Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  pulled its arthritis drug Vioxx off the market after a study  showed it doubled the risk of heart attack and stroke, a move  that sent its shares plunging and erased \$25 billion from its  market value.
0	In Presidential Debates, a Duel of Wits and Styles If they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost.
3	Oracle ruling expected Friday A source close to the case says a ruling in Justice Dept.'s antitrust suit to stop Oracle from acquiring PeopleSoft may come this week.
2	Mexico set to pass Canada in vehicle sales Mexico is poised overtake Canada in annual passenger vehicle sales by 2010, a situation one economist says could make it more difficult for Canada to lure future investments from automakers, including the construction of new assembly plants and 
1	Yankees Crush Red Sox, One Win from Sweep  BOSTON (Reuters) - The New York Yankees scored the most  runs in an American League Championship Series game as they  pounded the Boston Red Sox 19-8 on Saturday to move within one  victory of a return trip to the World Series.
2	Greece admits it broke rules to join euro ATHENS Greece has confessed to having been in breach of European Union budget deficit rules since 2000, leading to suggestions that it may not have been entitled to join the common currency after all.
1	Houston to Host 2006 NBA All-Star Game (Reuters) Reuters - The NBA announced on Tuesday\that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston's\Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
2	Stocks to Watch on Nov. 22  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Monday:  MARINEMAX INC &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HZO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HZO.N&lt;/A&gt;: Shares of the largest U.S. recreational  boat dealer could rally more than 20 percent in the coming  year, Barron's said in a report on Sunday.
0	DALE McFEATTERS: France #39;s mini-Iraq (SH) - French troops are enforcing an uneasy calm in Ivory Coast, where suddenly much of the population turned against them, treating them as hated occupiers instead of welcome peacekeepers.
2	Grace acknowledges workers at center of federal probe WR Grace  amp; Co. and several of its senior-level employees are the targets of a federal grand jury investigation relating to possible violations of environmental laws in Montana, the company announced Friday.
3	Cingular handset talks to users Software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.\
1	SuperSonics Ground Hawks 106-85 (AP) AP - Rashard Lewis brought his game at both ends, scoring 23 points and blocking five shots, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 106-85 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night.
1	Hamilton moves into No. 2 job after Colts release Sauter Former Arena League quarterback Joe Hamilton will be Peyton Manning #39;s top backup after the Indianapolis Colts released veteran Cory Sauter and 20 others on Sunday.
0	Afghanistan Bomb Attacks Kill 16 At least 16 people, many of them children, were killed in explosions at the office of a US security contractor in Afghanistans capital and a school in the south east as the country moves towards its first post-Taliban election.
1	Notebook: Hendrick drivers to speak about plane crash HAMPTON - Even as teams prepared for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Atlanta Motor Speedway, the NASCAR community continued to focus on last week #39;s plane crash.
2	LONDON MARKETS LONDON (CBS.MW) - London markets edged higher Friday as oil prices eased and Northern Rock confirmed it would meet analysts #39; full-year profit expectations.
2	German public deficit balloons in first half (AFP) AFP - Germany's public deficit amounted to 4.0 percent of gross domestic product in the first six months of the current year, well above the EU limit of 3.0 percent, official data showed.
1	Howe Talks Job Security With Mets Owner, GM Manager Art Howe met with Mets owner Fred Wilpon and GM Jim Duquette yesterday, one day after saying that if the team planned to fire him, it should do it now.
1	Sharapova wins in fine style Maria Sharapova and Amelie Mauresmo opened their challenges at the WTA Championships with emphatic victories in Los Angeles. Mauresmo crushed Vera Zvonareva 6-1, 6-0 in 54 minutes, extending the Frenchwoman #39;s 
0	Newfoundland premier invokes historic grievance amid fight with Ottawa (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams raised the spectre of the bungled Churchill Falls hydroelectric deal Wednesday as he tried to explain what is at stake in his province's battle with Ottawa over offshore energy revenues.
3	Sony PlayStation 3 to use Cell chip Sony announced that, in partnership with IBM and Toshiba, it is working on developing a Cell chip, which is designed to deliver high-definition content in an efficient manner.
0	Darfur Aid Workers Evacuated Amid Violence (AP) AP - Helicopters rescued more than 40 aid workers who fled into the bush to escape fighting in Darfur on Monday as renewed violence flared in the crisis-plagued region of western Sudan.
1	Ryder-Tiger fails to clarify Cup enigma at Oakland Hills Tiger Woods finished the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial team competition remains.
1	A perpetual state for these visitors Up here in the rogue state of Massachusetts, life goes on. Politicians from the American outback run against its diversity, its liberalism, painting the state as an outsider. And assorted Vandals, Huns, and Visigoths from New York batter at its civilized gates, presumably forever.
2	Unions rally resistance at Jaguar Unions hold emergency meetings with workers at Jaguar's doomed Browns Lane plant in Coventry to fight closure plans.
0	Russia joins Central Asian Cooperation Organization RBC, 18.10.2004, Moscow 12:01:27.Russia has officially joined the Central Asian Cooperation Organization. A corresponding document was signed at a summit of the organization held in Dushanbe.
0	Up to 31 dead in Indonesia jet crash Up to 31 people have been killed and many more injured after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew crashed on landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java.
0	Kidnapped CARE director urges British forces to leave Iraq CAIRO - The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq tearfully urged British forces to withdraw from Iraq in a videotape broadcast Friday by Qatar-based Al-Jazeera satellite television news channel.
0	Cuban Doctor Returns Home From Argentina A prominent Cuban doctor returned home Thursday after an overnight stay at the Argentine Embassy that raised tensions between the two nations amid reports she was seeking political asylum.
1	Campbell eyes European test Arsenal defender Sol Campbell is desperate to face Rosenberg in the Champions League on Wednesday. Campbell played his first game of the season at Manchester City after recovering from an Achilles injury and is ready for a heavy workload.
2	Intel lays deeper Indian foundations Chipmaker Intel will spend \$40m to expand in the southern Indian city of Bangalore over the next two years. Intel Chief Executive Craig Barrett on Friday laid the foundation of a new Intel building in Bangalore 
2	Merck knew of Vioxx health risks: report WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Merck and Co. shares fell more than 10 per cent in trading on the NYSE on Monday amid reports that company documents showed the pharmaceutical firm knew for years about health issues related to its arthritis drug Vioxx.
0	Lebanon to Extend President's Term, Defying U.N.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's parliament is going ahead with  a vote to extend the term of Syrian-backed President Emile  Lahoud Friday despite a U.N. Security Council resolution  warning Damascus against interfering in Lebanon.
2	Bank warns of fall in house prices as economy slows House prices will suffer a  quot;modest quot; fall over the next couple of years, the Bank of England warned yesterday as it cut its forecast for economic growth.
0	Crisis in new EU member Latvia after government resigns (AFP) AFP - Five months after entering the European Union, the small Baltic state of Latvia was plunged into political turmoil as its minority coalition government was forced to resign after parliament rejected the draft 2005 budget.
2	Kimberly-Clark Sets Cost-Cut Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Kimberly-Clark Corp.  said on\Monday it is targeting  #36;400 million to  #36;500 million in cost\savings over the next three years and still expects earnings\this quarter to meet its previous expectations.
3	Disney backs Sony #39;s Blu-ray DVD format It is being billed as the DVD equivalent of the Betamax versus VHS video format battle of the early 1980s. Disney announced yesterday it has signed up to Sony #39;s Blu-ray technology for the 
1	Six shots that helped shaped the PGA Tour season The first sign that Vijay Singh would be a relentless force on the PGA Tour came in a tournament he didn #39;t win, with a putt that ultimately didn #39;t matter.
2	FedEx Profit, Outlook Up, Stock Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;  said quarterly  profit nearly quadrupled on in its international, ground and  freight businesses, but the stock slipped on disappointment  over the margins.
1	Big spenders are making waves in Cup A modest proposal: We reorganize baseball with a \$50 million salary cap and pool all players into positions for a blind draw among the 30 teams.
3	Cisco to acquire network monitoring provider NetSolve Move will allow Cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
1	Ravens Plow Bengals After two subpar efforts, Jamal Lewis finds his stride Sunday, running for 186 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown that clinches a 23-9 victory over the Bengals.
2	Japan #39;s Nikkei Average, Topix Advance; Toyota, Advantest Gain Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose 56.74, or 0.5 percent, to 11,139.97 at 9:01 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index gained 5.35, or 0.5 percent, to 1132.
2	Business ; SBC May Cut More Than 10,000 Jobs Lehman Brothers analyst Blake Bath said in a research note earlier this week that SBC might reduce its workforce by 10,000 to 20,000 to bring its costs in line with those at other dominant local telephone companies, such as Verizon Communications Inc.
2	Intrawest enjoys strong finish to fiscal year Vancouver #39;s Intrawest Corp. returned to profitability in its fourth-quarter results released Tuesday as stronger results from its management services and real estate development operations made up for a poor showing from its resort operations.
2	Update 2: DoubleClick Studies Sale, Other Options The online advertising market is hot, but pioneer DoubleClick Inc. isn #39;t. The provider of Internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
0	Stocks Mixed Ahead of Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Stocks were little changed early Wednesday as investors awaited testimony from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan before a House budget panel.    In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 0.08 at 10,342.71...
3	Study links cell phones, tumors Swedish research institute finds that 10 or more years of cell phone use may increase the risk of acoustic neuroma, a noncancerous tumor.
1	Packers deal disgruntled CB McKenzie to Saints The Packers said they had acquired quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan, 25, and a second-round selection in the 2005 draft from the Saints in return for McKenzie, 28, and a future conditional draft choice.
2	Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Close Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop on receding concerns about high oil prices. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
3	DNA pioneer, Nobel winner transformed medical field Maurice Wilkins, 88, who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 along with the two scientists credited for describing the structure of DNA, Francis Crick and James Watson, died Tuesday at a London hospital.
0	A hotbed of energy waits to be tapped in Indonesia Geothermal sources remain untapped as leaders focus instead on the country's reserves of fossil fuels.
2	Ministers promise annuity review The issue of compulsory annuities will be reviewed, the government pledges, after another defeat in the Lords over the rule.
3	Explore your browser options FEW global companies have managed to make themselves as unpopular as Microsoft. Its defence consists of variations on:  quot;The reason nobody loves us is because were so successful.
0	Six Are Killed in Attempted Breakout at Prison in Kabul At least six people - four prison guards and two prisoners - when Al Qaeda prisoners attempted a break out of Kabul #39;s main Pul-i-Charki prison today, Afghan police officials and eyewitnesses said.
2	Mirant works to emerge from bankruptcy ATLANTA -- Energy supplier Mirant Corp. hopes to emerge from bankruptcy in the first half of next year, the company said Thursday as it appointed a chief restructuring officer to oversee the process.
2	German Carmakers Catch Hybrid Fever Caught off guard by the success of Toyota #39;s hybrid Prius model, German carmakers are racing to catch-up. DaimlerChrysler and GM announced plans on Monday to jointly produce hybrid technology for their cars and trucks.
2	Sears Canada sacks Cohen Sears Canada Inc. fired chief executive officer and chairman Mark Cohen Thursday, saying the board and Mr. Cohen had strategic differences about the future direction of the business.
1	Charges filed in Pacer-Pistons brawl Ten people, five Pacers and five Pistons fans, have been charged with misdemeanor assault in the one of the worst brawls in US sports history.
3	Another Bagle variant tries to spread New version turns off security, attempts to download malicious programs from Net--but it's not likely to get far.
2	Buyers back on Wall Street after two-day selloff Investors resumed their December rally Wednesday, looking past higher oil prices and focusing instead on building up their portfolios before year #39;s end.
3	DomainKeys reach out to more users SPAM has been one of the major turn offs for most web users. Checking emails have become a hassle when you cannot be sure the mail you received is from the actual sender!
3	4x4s 'should carry health warning' Four-wheel drive vehicles are so polluting they should carry a cigarette-style health warning, a think tank says.
1	Jazz Activate Arroyo The Utah Jazz announced today that the team has activated Carlos Arroyo from the injured list and placed rookie forward Kris Humphries on the injured list.
0	Jazeera Says Iraq Militants Killed Italian Hostage Al Jazeera television said on Thursday an Iraqi group had killed an Italian hostage who appeared in video footage aired by the Arabic channel.
1	US team wins Tommy Bahama Challenge in playoff Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
0	In Outback, cowboy hat may be history CANBERRA, Australia -- The sweat-stained felt hats worn by Australian cowboys, as much a part of the Outback as kangaroos and sun-baked soil, may be heading for the history books. They fail modern industrial safety standards.
1	Sources: Deal discussed to drop charge against Bryant A deal to dismiss the sexual assault charge against Kobe Bryant is being discussed inside the Eagle County Courthouse, sources close to the case told CNN on Wednesday.
3	Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled 
2	GE to Buy SPX Fire Detection Unit General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
2	DHL Sees Loss As FedEx, UPS Dominate Shares of United Parcel Service Inc. moved higher in trading Wednesday, while DHL Express appears not to be garnering the US market share it originally expected.
0	Arab nations demand end to Israeli raids As a massive Israeli offensive continues in the Gaza Strip, Arab nations at the United Nations have proposed a resolution demanding an end to the assault.
1	Transactions BASKETBALL Cleveland (NBA): Signed G Lucious Harris. Los Angeles (NBA): Named Chris Bodaken, Melvin Hunt, Larry Smith and Mike Wells assistant coaches. Memphis (NBA): Signed C Pau Gasol to a multiyear contract extension. Milwaukee (NBA): Signed G Tommy Adams. Sacramento (NBA): Signed G Courtney Alexander to a one-year contract.
0	U.S. Troops Reinforce After Falluja Air Strike  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops stepped up pressure on the  rebel-held Iraqi city of Falluja on Tuesday, cutting roads and  reinforcing positions around the town as jets criss-crossed the  sky ahead of an expected assault.
3	Microsoft sues resellers for piracy As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsoft has begun legal proceedings against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
1	Federer beats Gaudio in Masters Cup opener : Top-ranked Roger Federer of Switzerland, returned to action after missing three weeks with a torn thigh muscle and defeated Gaston Gaudio of Argentina 6-1, 7-6 (4) in the first round of the ATP Masters Cup championships.
1	Broncos v. Falcons Photo Gallery Part 1 View the first in a series of photo galleries from the Denver Broncos game against the Atlanta Falcons. The Falcons won 41-28. Denver Broncos quarterback Jake Plummer (16) sets to throw a 80-yard touchdown 
3	Resident Evil 4 Not GC Exclusive PS2 owners will have to wait almost a whole year, but they will be getting it. Capcoms million-seller latest title Resident Evil 4 expanding into Nintendo GameCube and PlayStaion2!
2	13th recipient of artificial heart dies The 13th patient to receive the world's first fully implantable artificial heart died Sunday night after an unexpected malfunction in the device made by Abiomed Inc. of Danvers, company officials said yesterday.
1	Gators' Zook given hook Florida coach Ron Zook was fired yesterday after two-plus years and a stack of embarrassments on and off the field, satisfying a growing groundswell for his ouster that began the day he replaced Steve Spurrier . Zook will finish out the season while athletic director Jeremy Foley and school president Bernie Machen search for another coach.
1	Faux pas by Henman Tim Henman was sent packing from the Paris Masters this afternoon as Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny inflicted a straight-sets third-round defeat on the British No1.
2	Delta Suffers Setback with Debt Committee Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) suffered a setback this week when a committee of creditors scotched one of the company #39;s early debt renegotiation 
2	Crude oil prices rise to above US\$55 a barrel World oil prices rose to a new record high above 55 US dollars a barrel Friday, stirring fears of 60-dollar-a-barrel New York crude, as concerns about the global supply of heating 
3	Problems with PayPal Persist for Fifth Day PayPal #39;s problems arrive at the very start of the crucial holiday selling season. Users began to note problems on Friday following a software upgrade, eBay said.
3	Spam shows signs of levelling off but don #39;t hold your breath It might be too early to celebrate, but according to Symantec #39;s numbers, the rate of increase of internet spam is easing a bit.
3	Jonathan #39;s Space Report No. 537 - October 27, 2004 Soyuz TMA-5 docked with the Pirs module on Oct 16 at 0416 UTC. Sharipov, Chiao, Shargin, Padalka and Fincke spent a week aboard the Station and at 1814 UTC on Oct 23 Padalka, Fincke and Shargin entered Soyuz 
0	Trickle of Funds Frustrates Iraqi Ministers Fifty-seven nations and international organizations have concluded a two-day meeting in Japan devoted to raising funds for rebuilding Iraq.
0	Car bomb kills five at Iraq education ministry Cameraman working for Reuters killed in Ramadi clashes, US war planes bomb insurgent-held Fallujah. BAGHDAD - At least five people were killed when a car comb exploded outside Iraq #39;s education ministry in Baghdad on Tuesday, hospital sources said.
1	Vogts under pressure after Scotland loss at home to Norway David Beckham shrugged off his poor Real Madrid form with a spectacular long range strike as England outplayed Wales 2-0 in World Cup action on Saturday.
0	Haiti: Beheaded corpses found Port-Au-Prince - A man #39;s beheaded body lay in the street in a seaside slum on Thursday near the smouldering remains of another beheaded corpse that was wrapped in tires and set ablaze, as leaders of the uprising that ousted President Jean-Bertrand 
2	Eurozone data to show growth based on exports, consumption weak (AFP) AFP - Data to be released this week are expected to confirm that the eurozone's economic recovery is fueled by strong export demand, not consumption or investment, and that Britain's industrial sector is gaining steam, analysts said.
0	Afghan Death Toll Mounts As Voting Nears (AP) AP - The killing in Afghanistan spirals onward, undermining U.S. claims of success in pacifying the country with less than a week to go before an historic experiment with democracy  #151; direct presidential elections.
1	Can Radcliffe Rise from Athens Ashes? So Paula Radcliffe is mortal, and probably now destined never to win an Olympic gold medal. For the past two years she has run like a goddess inexorably heading towards Athens glory.
3	Hollywood split as Disney backs Blu-ray With the Blu-ray Disc Association securing non-exclusive backing from Disney, the major Hollywood studios are split down the middle over next-generation DVD.
3	Eighty Whales, Dolphins Die on Australian Island (Reuters) Reuters - At least 80 whales and dolphins have\died after beaching themselves on a remote island between the\Australian mainland and the country's island state of Tasmania.
3	Future Uncertain for Rare Hawaiian Bird One of Earth #39;s rarest birds might have gone into extinction following the death of one of the last known po #39;ouli. The aging male po #39;ouli died in captivity 
0	U.S. Planes Bomb Falluja as Rebels Battle On (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes bombarded hard\core rebel areas of Falluja on Monday as troops hunted\insurgents house-to-house in the city already devastated by the\ferocity of the military's seven-day onslaught.
1	Davis blow for Panthers Carolina running back Stephen Davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. The Panthers are already without injured receiver Steve Smith for at least two months.
2	GM to Extend Interest-Free Loan Incentives-Dealers General Motors Corp. will offer its broadest and longest spread of interest-free loans later this month when it holds a three-day sale to clear inventories of 2004 model-year vehicles, dealers said on Tuesday.
0	US claim that Bin Laden is nearly captured is politicking: Rashid ISLAMABAD: Information Minister Sheikh Rashid rejected as pre-election politicking a US officials weekend claim that Osama Bin Laden was close to being captured.
0	Gaza battle rages ISRAEL #39;S deadly offensive in northern Gaza entered its ninth day with the Government vowing to press on until Palestinian rocket fire stopped.
2	Wal-Mart sterling bond with 30-year maturity -source US retailer Wal-Mart #39;s (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) sterling-denominated benchmark bond will carry a 30-year maturity, a syndicate source said on Friday.
3	Nvidia Strikes Processor Deal with Intel Analysts say the agreement was a boost to both companies since it will pave the way for Nvidia get access to millions more desktop computers built on Intel processors and because Intel will 
2	BMW misses 3rd quarter forecast BMW has reported a lower-than-expected 7.6 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit, but has reaffirmed its forecast for record revenues, earnings and car sales in 2004.
3	IBM plans foray into local home PC market NEW DELHI: IBMs PC business sale could rock the Indian PC market. Virtually missing from the consumer PC market till now, IBM India is already drawing up a blueprint to sell PCs to households.
0	Fla. Highways Jammed Ahead of Frances MELBOURNE, Fla. - Fleeing what could be the most powerful storm to strike Florida in more than a decade, residents and tourists jammed highways and shelters Friday as Hurricane Frances churned toward the Atlantic coast, where the state's second pummeling in three weeks could begin as soon as Saturday...
1	Vitoria sack a second coach this season Struggling Vitoria have sacked their third coach since the Brazilian championship started in late April and brought in 71-year-old Evaristo Macedo in an attempt to avoid relegation.
1	Today's schedule Pro baseball: Baltimore vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m. College field hockey: Fitchburg St. at Anna Maria, 4 p.m.; Salve Regina at Framingham St., 4 p.m.; Southern Maine at Maine-Farmington, 4 p.m.; Keene St. at Williams, 4:15 p.m.; Husson at Colby, 4:30 p.m.; Gordon at Bates, 5 p.m.; Saint Anselm at Bentley, 7 p.m.; Simmons at Worcester St., ...
0	7 Marines Killed in Iraq's Anbar Province (AP) AP - Seven U.S. Marines were killed in two separate incidents in Iraq's restive Anbar province, the military said Monday, a day after American warplanes pounded Fallujah with missiles as insurgents battled coalition forces in the city.
3	News: Say hello to the 'time bomb' exploit Prepare yourself for "time bomb" exploits that attack web-based systems at a pre-determined time.
2	Bank to add up to 900 jobs in RI Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.
3	Glaciers Shrink, But Some Resist Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Glaciers are melting faster than before in\some regions from the Arctic to the Alps but others are getting\bigger, scientists said on Friday.
3	The TV That Sent Out a Cry for Help, via Satellite It may be that many people, staring blankly from their sofas into the empty, late-night flicker of their televisions, are in need of rescuing.
0	Judge Says Milosevic Behavior Almost  #39;Puerile #39; A top judge accused Slobodan Milosevic of behavior verging on the  quot;puerile quot; Tuesday after wrangling with the court about its decision to force him to accept defense lawyers because of his ill health.
1	Jayasuriya hits form in Faisalabad Sanath Jayasuriya #39;s century put Sri Lanka in a strong position after the third day of the first Test against Pakistan in Faisalabad.
1	Benfica #39;s Gomes sprains left knee Benfica striker Nuno Gomes sprained his left knee during a league match at the weekend but will not need surgery, the Portuguese league leaders said in a statement onMonday.
3	Terror Attacks Spur Israel Road Deaths Spike-Study Fatal attacks in Israel cause a direct increase in the number of deadly traffic accidents -- but not until three days later, researchers said on Monday.
2	October economic data mixed Orders for long-lasting US goods slipped unexpectedly in October, but new home sales rose, consumer sentiment brightened a bit this month and claims for jobless aid fell, a mixed bag of reports showed yesterday.
2	Italian Appliance Maker Cuts Outlook  MILAN, Italy (Reuters) - Merloni shares fell more than 10  percent on Friday after the Italian home appliance maker cut  its 2004 profit forecast, blaming weak demand and high prices  for steel and oil.
2	Bush: End of hurricane season time for reflection, celebration Gov. Jeb Bush called Tuesday #39;s official end of the 2004 hurricane season a time of  quot;reflection and celebration quot; after Florida endured an unprecedented quartet 
2	Employers slow to try HSAs For many employers, health saving accounts - the newest insurance innovation - is a lot like a swimming pool on summer #39;s first hot day.
0	Peres facing attack from Labor MKs over continued talks with Likud Labor Party Chair Shimon Peres is facing growing opposition from his party over his decision to continue coalition talks with Likud despite the Likud convention #39;s resolution last week against bringing Labor into the government.
1	Bucs on verge of finally dealing Kendall After trying for three years to escape catcher Jason Kendall #39;s contract, the Pirates finally have succeeded. The passing of physicals is all that stands in the way of the Pirates sending Kendall to the Oakland 
1	Giants Clobber Expos 8-5 (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter Ricky Ledee hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the San Francisco Giants took over the NL wild-card lead with their fifth straight victory, 8-5 over the Montreal Expos on Monday night.
2	Northwest, Pilots Reach Tentative Accord on Pay Cut (Update4) Northwest Airlines Corp., the fourth- largest US airline, and its pilots union reached tentative agreement on a contract that would cut pay and benefits, saving the company \$265 million a year.
2	Weak German GDP: Eurozone fears German economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter as exports weakened and oil prices surged, raising fears that eurozone GDP figures due Friday will be lower than expected.
2	Valero to buy Kaneb Valero LP of San Antonio said Monday it will acquire Kaneb Services and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners of Dallas for \$2.8 billion. The assets of the combined partnership, which will retain the name Valero LP, will 
3	Enter your e-mail: The folks at the Wi-Fi Alliance--the trade group that certifies Wi-Fi products from different vendors for compatibility--called today to share their thoughts about a coming wave of products promising superior performance to today #39;s fastest 802.
2	Report: IBM selling personal computer unit NEW YORK -- International Business Machines Corp. has reportedly put its personal computer business up for sale in a deal that could fetch as much as \$2 billion and close an era for an industry pioneer which 
0	WHO and FAO kept in dark on bird flu virus found in pigs in China (AFP) AFP - UN health and agriculture officials in China said they were not informed by the government of the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus being found in pigs, the first such discovery in the world.
3	Motorola Turns Cell Phone into Credit Card Motorola plans to carry out a trial of cell phones incorporating MasterCard #39;s PayPass contactless payment technology. The cell phones will enable customers to make payments by positioning 
3	New Treo and more unveiled at CTIA CTIA stands for the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association. Each year they host two shows for the industry. This week is their fall Wireless IT and Entertainment expo in San Francisco.
1	Penalty miss allows Arsenal off the hook ARSENALS recent stumble continued when they were held to a draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League last night, and the Greeks may have won had Angelos Basinas not missed a second-half penalty.
0	Security Council agrees on Sudan resolution as foes pledge imminent deal (AFP) AFP - UN ambassadors agreed here unanimously on the text of a resolution aimed at restoring peace to war-ravaged Sudan, as the country's main foes promised to conclude talks on their 21-year-old conflict by the end of the year.
2	Airline Looks to Delay Its Pension Payments In an effort to conserve cash, financially ailing US Airways Group Inc. said Monday that it plans to ask the Internal Revenue Service for permission to delay payments into the pension plans of two of its employee groups.
2	U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise in Oct 2 Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales rose in the\fifth week of September, with stores indicating that business\picked up toward the end of the week as temperatures in parts\of the country turned cooler, a report said on Tuesday.
1	Nerve-racking weekend ahead for Cup drivers That #39;s what the public relations folks at Talladega Superspeedway dubbed the next stop in NASCAR #39;s new playoff-style championship, and it would be hard to find many drivers who would argue with the label.
1	Celtics enjoy laugher When Doc Rivers has dinner with Orlando coach Johnny Davis and Magic players Pat Garrity and Grant Hill sometime next summer, there should be some interesting conversation.
2	November import prices rise 0.2, more than expected The price of goods imported into the United States in November rose 0.2, slightly more than expected, a Labor Department report showed on Thursday, as increases in non-petroleum prices hit a 10-month high.
1	From nada to Mega Parking attendant Juan Rodriguez had just 78 cents in the bank and a whopping \$44,000 in debts when he hit a \$149 million Mega Millions lottery prize, bankruptcy documents revealed yesterday.
2	Venture capitalists -- Boston's lure for start-ups Boston isn't the cheapest place to do business. Living and housing costs are steep. And you can't play golf year round.
2	Two Investment Banks Settle with SEC Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Thomas Weisel Partners agreed to pay a combined \$100 million to settle charges involving conflicts of interest between research and investment banking, US regulators said on Thursday.
1	Major Leaguers Take 3-0 Lead in Japan (AP) AP - The Japanese won the pregame home run derby. Then the game started and the major league All-Stars put their bats to work. Back-to-back home runs by Moises Alou and Vernon Wells in the fourth inning and by Johnny Estrada and Brad Wilkerson in the ninth powered the major leaguers past the Japanese stars 7-3 Sunday for a 3-0 lead in the eight-game series.
0	Iraqi education official killed The top education ministry official in the oil-rich northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has been assassinated by unknown assailants.  quot;Ibrahim Ismail was killed on the main road as he was heading to the technological 
2	Microsoft Pressures EU Court on Price A European judge must sort through competing ideas on the balance between intellectual property and fairness to decide whether antitrust penalties against Microsoft (Quote, Chart) should be suspended.
2	Trendy retailers get dressed for work (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - There's a new tier of retailers hawking officewear to young professionals.
2	Grokster Wins Legal Victory over Copyrights Hollywood and the entertainment industry were set back by a legal decision that was favorable to Internet file-sharing company Grokster. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Thursday in San Francisco that distributors of ...
3	Treo 650 voice dialing by VoiceSignal palmOne is now offering a voice dialing application for the Treo 650, based on VoiceSignal #39;s voice recognition system. The application, which requires approximately 
2	DIFFICULT BUT NECESSARY ROBERT POLET may not be elaborating on the reasons for Gucci CEO Giacomo Santucci departure from the company yesterday, but he #39;s made his point.
0	Chirac, Blair hope to put bad blood behind them British officials were on diplomatic tenterhooks as they awaited the arrival on Thursday of French President Jacques Chirac for a two-day state visit to Britain.
0	Thai Suspected Bird Flu Case Fans Human Link Fear Thailand, rattled by fears a girl passed bird flu to her mother, said Monday it has no evidence there has been human-to-human transmission of the deadly H5N1 virus in the country.
2	Chinese firm set to control MG Rover BRITAINS only remaining mass market car maker seemed certain last night to pass into foreign control after MG Rover admitted merger talks with a Chinese firm were at an advanced stage.
2	Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Retreating from an upbeat forecast it  made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; warned on  Thursday that third-quarter sales will fall below  second-quarter levels and that its 2004 revenue growth rate  will lag that of the telecoms-equipment sector as a whole.
3	Submarine Fire Survivors Tell of Blaze Horror Survivors of a fatal fire on a submarine today spoke of their experience as Canadas defence minister said he could not rule out suing the British Government.
3	Q amp;A: Red Hat #39;s CEO on his company #39;s latest acquisition OCTOBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - After his company announced that it #39;s acquiring security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to bolster its software arsenal (see story), Red Hat Inc.
1	Mortaza enjoys moment to remember Bangladesh fast bowler Mashrafe bin Mortaza was understandably elated after dismissing Sachin Tendulkar with the first ball of the day in Chittagong.
2	Bonds Slip as McTeer Counters Oil Rally (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices eased on Tuesday\as upbeat comments from a Federal Reserve Bank president\balanced weaker-than-expected results from the U.S. services\sector and record high crude oil prices.
1	The Collapse of Kobe Kobe Bryant, the Los Angeles Lakers' star guard, got everything he wanted. Isn't that what everyone said last summer?
3	Paleontologists Put Ancient Long-Necked Monster in Its Place iraffes evolved long necks to browse in trees high above the competition. That is as plain as the explanation the wolf in granny clothing gave Little Red Riding Hood for his big teeth:  quot;The better to eat you with, my dear.
2	Diageo raises \$2.26 bn through sale of General Mills #39; shares LONDON, October 5 (newratings.com) - Diageo Plc (GUI.FSE) has raised \$2.26 billion (1.84 billion) from the sale of more than half of its stake in the US-based cereal maker, General Mills Inc.
2	Stick with the proven year-end tax strategies Sure, things could change, but the typical year-end  quot;timing is everything quot; maneuvers won #39;t hurt. BY PAMELA YIP. DALLAS -  quot;Some who were worried about a Kerry victory and a rollback of capital gains now don #39;t 
1	The US team is set for Spain for the Davis Cup final NEW YORK Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will represent the United States in singles play at next month #39;s Davis Cup final against Spain.
1	Jyoti burns brightest at the end NEW DELHI: The steel in Jyoti Randhawa came to the fore once again as the Indian golf star clinched the \$5,50,000 Volvo Masters of Asia title at the Kota Permai Golf and Country Club in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday.
3	Radio Astronomers Remove the Blindfold PPARC -- UK radio astronomers at the Jodrell Bank Observatory, working with colleagues from Europe and the USA, have demonstrated a new technique that will revolutionise the way they observe.     To create the very best quality images of the sky, they routinely combine data from multiple telescopes from around the world  a technique called Very Long Baseline Interferometry (VLBI)...
3	Fla. IT shops suffer minimal disruptions from Frances Data centers in Florida weathered the brunt of Hurricane Frances, suffering only minor disruptions from the Labor Day weekend storm.
3	Music Industry Group Launches Piracy Suits (AP) AP - An international music industry group said Thursday hundreds of lawsuits were being filed across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the Internet.
1	Rapids lose two players in MLS expansion draft Colorado Rapids defenders Antonio de la Torre and Jeff Stewart were selected by CD Chivas USA in the MLS expansion draft on Friday.
3	Gateway's PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter (Reuters) Reuters - PC maker Gateway Inc. said on\Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers\and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro\Center's 20 stores in the United States.
1	Valencia Defeat Leaves Barca Five Points Clear  MADRID (Reuters) - Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home  to nine-man Sevilla Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear  at the top of the Primera Liga table.
3	AOL to Give Away Anti-Virus Software to Members  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online, the world's largest  Internet service provider, plans to offer its 23.4 million U.S.  subscribers a premium anti-virus software service, McAfee  VirusScan Online, for free in November.
3	ISPs again go after spammers For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers - including Atlanta-based EarthLink -iled a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
3	Where to Dump Your Dead Technology Office Depot teams with HP to recycle your old electronics gear for free.
3	Ancient Roman cosmetics resembled modern moisturizer LONDON - Fashionable women in ancient Rome applied a beauty cream that wasn #39;t all that different from today #39;s cosmetics, researchers say.
2	Prescription For Trouble (CBS) When the pharmaceutical giant Merck pulled its blockbuster pain medication Vioxx off the market in late September, it became the largest prescription drug recall in history.
1	DaVanon hits for cycle On a ridiculous night of achievement for the Angels #39; offense, Jeff DaVanon somehow managed to stand out. The outfielder doubled in the third inning of Wednesday night #39;s 
0	U.S. Discourages North Korea WMD Attack (AP) AP - The United States promised South Korea on Friday that any North Korean use of weapons of mass destruction after a planned U.S. troop pullout "would have the gravest consequences."
2	Marsh  amp; McLennan takes king hit INSURANCE broker Marsh  amp; McLennan will take a massive hit from closing down its controversial commission- generating scheme with other firms, as demanded by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
3	E-mail firm baits hackers with security challenge Avecho offers \$18,000 prize to anyone who can sneak a virus past its GlassWall product.
2	Congress Votes to Extend Ban on Internet Access Taxes Congress last week passed legislation that extends by three years the prohibition of states and localities from imposing  quot;discriminatory quot; taxes on electronic commerce, and the ban on Internet access taxes.
2	Reliance arm asks six to stay The board of Indian power utility Reliance Energy Ltd. told the Bombay exchange Tuesday it had asked its six directors who resigned last week to reconsider their resignations.
0	Dutch Shocked by Public Death Wish from Muslim  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch leaders on Wednesday condemned  comments by a Muslim teacher who said he hoped for the death of  a popular politician, further stoking religious tension  prompted by the murder of a filmmaker critical of Islam.
2	GSK to go public on trials BRITISH drugs company GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to make public information about its clinical drug trials following accusations it misled doctors about the safety of an anti-depressant for children.
0	India test-fires nuclear-capable ballistic missile (AFP) AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources said.
2	London higher as Bunzl confirms targets Londons main equity market opened in positive territory on Friday on a quiet day for corporate newsflow. On the senior index, gains from Bunzl, which confirmed it expected full-year results 
3	Apple CEO Makes Appearance Since Surgery (AP) AP - Steve Jobs, the charismatic chief executive of Apple Computer Inc. and Pixar Animation Studios, is back on the job after undergoing cancer surgery.
3	Media #39;s Believe-It-or-Not Future TV and radio serve up content in a linear broadcast format. It #39;s dished out in time slices according to schedules that make sense to broadcasters and the marketers who buy their ad space.
3	Web Data Transfer to Handsets Made Easier (AP) AP - Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone?
0	Hundreds Rally in Turkey Against Criminalizing Adultery Hundreds of demonstrators marched in Turkey #39;s capital Tuesday to protest proposed legislation to make adultery a crime. A crowd of about 500, mostly women, marched from Ankara #39;s central square to parliament 
0	Zimbabwe Opposition Leader Found Innocent of Treason (Update5) Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of Zimbabwe #39;s opposition and the strongest ever challenger to the 24-year rule of President Robert Mugabe, was found not guilty of treason by the country #39;s High Court.
0	EU set to lift arms embargo on Libya (AFP) AFP - The European Union (EU) agreed in principle to lift an arms embargo on Libya after pressure from Italy.
0	UN blames rebels in Darfur The rebel Sudan Liberation Army was solely responsible for restarting the fighting in north Darfur, the chief UN envoy for Sudan, Jan Pronk, said yesterday.
2	IBM Puts Spotlight On Entry-Level Linux Servers A virtualization option will be available for the systems, which are based on 1.5- or 1.6-GHz Power5 processors. By Darrell Dunn. IBM on Monday introduced a new line of Linux servers intended to compete with 
3	Intel Readies Centrino-Style Push for Desktops  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will unveil  next year a bundle of chips designed for home entertainment  computers, and support the move with a branding campaign  modeled on the successful launch of its Centrino chips for  notebook computers, a person briefed on the matter said.
3	Apple to expand European iTunes next month Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store 
0	At Least 10 Killed in Bombings in Baghdad Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld made a surprise visit to Iraq today, as two car bombs shook Baghdad, killing at least 10 people, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.
0	Wartime security as Karzai campaigns amid spiralling violence (AFP) AFP - Wartime security was rolled out for Afghanistan's interim President Hamid Karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence.
3	Man Ordered to Disable Spyware Programs (AP) AP - A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.
2	Ofcom delivers ultimatum to BT Ofcom has challenged BT to come up with proposals for opening up its networks to competitors to help speed the growth of telecoms services including broadband - or face a possible Competition Commission investigation.
3	PeopleSoft Relents, Agrees Oracle Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Monday said\rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.'s  board\has accepted a sweetened purchase offer of about  #36;10.3 billion,\ending a long and bitter hostile takeover battle.
1	Injured Arrington Out Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, Joe Gibbs said, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
3	Private Spaceflight Much Closer to Reality By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
1	Roundup: Newcastle United fires its manager Newcastle United fired Bobby Robson as manager Monday after the northeast English side suffered a turmoil-plagued start to its Premiership season.
0	Claims Arafat died of AIDS A FORMER speech writer for George W. Bush has claimed Yasser Arafat died of AIDS. Former presidential aide David Frum, famous for coining the phrase  quot;axis of evil quot;, says the world has shown 
1	Egyptian Ibrahim takes wrestling men #39;s 96kg Greco-Roman gold Karam Ibrahim of Egypt clinched the gold in wrestling men #39;s Greco-Roman 96kg category at the Athens Olympics on August 26 by defeating Ramaz Nozadze of Georgia 12-1.
0	Powell warning WASHINGTON: Militia fighters loyal to radical Shi #39;ite Moqtada Al Sadr have left the Imam Ali shrine and the United States does not want them to recover their strength, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said last night.
2	Jurors Begin 2nd Phase Of Enron-Merrill Lynch Trial Houston -- Jurors returned to a Houston federal court Thursday to begin the second phase of the Enron-Merrill Lynch fraud and conspiracy trial.
3	RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo RealNetworks Inc. RNWK.O is ending its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said on Thursday.
0	UN raps Sudan over Darfur crisis Sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in Darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, a UN envoy says.
3	Researcher Warns Male Laptop Users of Infertility Risk Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
0	US forces launch assault on Iraqi rebels in Mosul MOSUL, Iraq : US and Iraqi forces backed by aircraft swept into the northern Iraqi city of Mosul to secure police stations and restore order as insurgents in Fallujah fought US-led troops to the death.
1	Jamal Lewis Out Versus Bengals  BALTIMORE, (Sports Network) - Baltimore Ravens running back  Jamal Lewis will miss his second straight game with a sprained  right ankle when his club takes on the Cincinnati Bengals this  Sunday.
3	MSN Unleashes Desktop Search Microsoft on Monday released its promised desktop search application, focusing on adding local e-mail and file search into MSN #39;s browser toolbar, Outlook and the Windows operating system.
3	Former CA chief indicted; company reaches accord update Former CEO Sanjay Kumar is indicted as Computer Associates agrees to a \$225 million settlement in an ongoing accounting probe.
0	Little progress in N Korea talks: Downer North Korea was reluctant to accept a United States plan to give up its nuclear program but would probably attend the next round of talks on the impasse, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said after a brief visit to Pyongyang. 
1	Greenhorn no longer In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet one of those unheralded golfers: PGA Tour rookie Roland Thatcher. He's 27 years old and ranks 187th on the money list with \$154,644, having made the cut in six of his 16 starts. His best finish came two weeks ...
3	U2 Get in Bed With Apple Mega-band and mega-corp forge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following the ubiquitous images of U2 gyrating to their new single  quot;Vertigo quot; in a TV spot for Apple #39;s iPod and iTunes, the band and the corporation are set to announce that they #39;ve partnered to release a special-edition iPod pre-loaded with U2 music this 
2	U.S. Wants to Cancel Poorest Nations' Debt The move by Bush administration officials could boost America's image abroad, but institutions like the World Bank fear it could leave them strapped for cash.
1	Arsenal #39;s slide gathering pace It is just as well that Arsenal do not lose often, for they do not deal with defeat at all well. Sunday #39;s defeat was only their second in their past 55 in the Premiership, but 
1	Quiet Goosen roars to victory Commotion simply isn #39;t part of his makeup, the level of Retief Goosen #39;s stoic personality fast approaching legendary proportions on the PGA Tour.
2	Belo #39;s cutbacks will hit the heart of Texas: Providence Journal &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Media company Belo Corp. said yesterday that it will cut 250 jobs, mostly at its Dallas newspaper and TV station. A company spokesman said cuts will be made across Belo #39;s operations,, though 
0	Sinn Fein voices delay concern Speaking after a meeting with the Irish Prime Minister in Dublin, party president Gerry Adams said:  quot;We are concerned that the time frame is stretching.
3	Long-necked hunter found in China The remains of a 230-million-old marine reptile with fangs and a long neck have been unearthed in southeast China. The creature #39;s 1.7m-long neck was almost twice as long as its trunk which measured less than one metre in length.
1	Lions, critics silenced as Packers finally get win DETROIT - By winning Sunday, the Green Bay Packers weathered the toughest week of the Mike Sherman era and probably the most trying week this franchise has seen in more than a decade.
1	Bode Miller continues dominant run on ski circuit CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was a sight skiing fans have become all too familiar with this season - Bode Miller standing on top of the medal podium.
2	Judge orders chief operating officer Radler, 2 more, off Hollinger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - An Ontario judge has ordered three directors removed from the board of Hollinger Inc., including Conrad Black #39;s wife, Barbara Amiel-Black, company co-chief operating officer David Radler and vice-president Jack Boultbee.
3	Antivirus Subscription Prices Climb Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite.
2	The ore will be produced by the Area C mine which opened last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;It is extremely pleasing to see that additional benefits have already started flowing to both BHP Billiton and its Chinese partners as a result of the Wheelarra joint venture, quot; BHP Billiton Iron Ore president Graeme Hunt said in a statement.
0	Even if Just a Bauble, Luxury Counts for Holidays The luxury market, which, only a few years ago, was struggling, has come back with a bang for the holidays.
2	CORRECTED: Veritas Capital to Buy DynCorp Units  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Private equity firm Veritas said  on Sunday it agreed to acquired DynCorp International LLC,  which provides aviation maintenance, personal security and  training for law enforcement agencies and the U.S. government,  for \$850 million.
3	802.16: Medium distance wireless networking that could change the world? The (sort of) new IEEE 802.16 Metropolitan Area Network standard (MAN) promises to break the cable modem/DSL monopoly on the "last mile" of Internet connectivity to peoples' homes.    With ranges up to 30 miles and speeds up to 70 mbps it seems like a pancea.    While I suspect the actual usable speeds and distances will be considerably less, my real question is where is it?  This standard has been in the works for years.
0	News Corp move to US gets reluctant boost from major shareholder (AFP) AFP - The chances of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp relocating from Australia to the United States have increased after one of its biggest institutional investors has chosen to abstain from a vote next week on the move.
3	American Indians Set to Manage U.S. Bison Refuge (Reuters) Reuters - American Indians are poised to take a\step back into history when they begin managing portions of the\nearly 100-year-old National Bison Range in Montana, officials\said on Tuesday.
0	Typhoon hits southern Japan Typhoon Meari landed on Japan #39;s southernmost main island of Kyushu on Wednesday, forcing hundreds to evacuate as it unleashed heavy rains and strong winds.
3	New Nintendo game system may attract wider audience Nintendo Co. is set to launch Nintendo DS, the latest of its wallet-sized game systems. The company will have its \$150 Nintendo DS in United States stores Nov. 21 -- hoping to take advantage of post-Thanksgiving shopping.
2	US Treasuries steady after fall on Greenspan 0133 GMT - US Treasuries steady in early Asia after falling in previous US session on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s comments that interest rates were headed higher.
2	Intel lowers quarterly forecast High-tech bellwether Intel Corp. lowered its financial outlook yesterday, providing the latest sign of the economy's doldrums.
0	US Military in Afghanistan Dismisses Bin Laden Tape The US military in Afghanistan dismissed a new videotape featuring Osama bin Laden as  quot;propaganda, quot; and insisted that bin Laden would be caught, but it acknowledged having no fix on the Al-Qaeda leader #39;s whereabouts.
1	Syracuse Upsets No. 21 Boston College 43-17: College Football Diamond Ferri ran for two touchdowns and returned an interception for another as Syracuse defeated No. 21 Boston College 43-17, likely knocking the Eagles from a Bowl Championship Series game.
0	Protesters Ransack Russian Gov #39;t Offices Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the 
3	Electronics giant Thomson to introduce HD DVD players in 2005 PARIS (CP) - The electronics giant that operates under the Thomson, RCA and Technicolor brand names said Friday it will introduce high-definition DVD players next year and support two recording formats, HD DVD and Blu-ray.
3	Intel not to make 4-Gigahertz version of Pentium 4 PC processor The world #39;s No. 1 chipmaker Intel says that it will not make the 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 PC processor. Intel will release another chip that has fewer gigahertz.
2	Nokia to make handsets in India Nokia, the world's biggest mobile phone manufacturer, is to start making handsets in India.
0	Opera returns to Milan's La Scala Milan's world-famous opera house La Scala is re-opening on Tuesday after a three-year closure for renovation.
0	Ivan swirls through Caribbean Hurricane Ivan has strengthened to a Category 5 storm after battering the island of Jamaica with heavy rain and strong winds, killing 11 people.
1	NL Wrap: Jones Leads Braves Closer to Division Title (Reuters) Reuters - Chipper Jones hit a three-run homer\and J.D. Drew also went deep as the Atlanta Braves continued to\close in on another division title with an 8-1 win over the\Florida Marlins in Miami Friday.
3	Yahoo to Begin Testing FareChase Travel Search (Reuters) Reuters - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.\ on Tuesday said it would soon begin testing a travel\price comparison search engine called FareChase as it further\integrates Web search services into its offerings.
1	A second strike of lightning The storms are done and the floodwaters have abated, but lightning still struck for the second time at the Bangabandhu National Stadium today, as New Zealand #39;s James Franklin emulated his idol, Wasim Akram, by claiming cricket #39;s equivalent of the hole-in 
2	Alitalia Says Unions Agree to Plan to Split Company (Update6) Alitalia SpA said eight of its nine biggest unions agreed to a plan to split Italy #39;s biggest airline in two, enabling the carrier to get a loan to stay in business.
3	Tech Leaders Converge To Form Project MegaGrid Project MegaGrid has a mega-goal, but analysts said it is also an achievable one. Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group, said that whenever world-class players come together 
3	Q A Part 1: Cisco's John Chambers at company's 20-year mark Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of Cisco Systems, and the company's CEO, John Chambers, took the time this week to talk about where his company has been, mistakes it has made and where it's going now.
3	Nokia to introduce PDA-like phone MONACO Nokia, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phones, said Tuesday that it would begin selling a touch-screen hand-held device, a move that was seen as its first foray into the market for PDAs, or personal digital assistants.
1	De La Salle coach, players, take snapped streak in stride CONCORD, Calif. They lost for the first time since 1991, but there #39;s no bitterness on the De La Salle High School football team.
0	US envoy warns of Iran sanctions THE US will pursue sanctions against Iran if Tehran does not renounce its quest for nuclear weapons, a top US official said today.
1	Tennis: Henman on easy street Tim Henman yesterday qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup in Houston without hitting a ball. Henman needed to reach the quarter-finals in the defence of his Paris Masters title to be 
1	Athletics not worth the price Big-time college athletic departments who assert that their teams' success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an  quot;arms race quot; for athletic supremacy when funds could be better spent elsewhere on campus, according to a study by the Knight Foundation Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics.
1	McGrady Sits Out With Groin, Hip Strains (AP) AP - Houston Rockets guard Tracy McGrady sat out Thursday night's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves because of nagging hip and groin strains.
3	War codebreaker cracks an enigma of love A CODED message from the 18th century that has baffled generations of cryptologists may be nothing more than a loving dedication to a mourned wife or lover, according to a leading codebreaker.
1	McGrady puts on finish for the ages against Spurs Tracy McGrady needed only 35 seconds to turn a sure loss into an improbable win and a listless 20-point night into one of the league #39;s most memorable clutch performances.
3	Dalhousie scientists first to clone insects Hoping other scientists might apply their findings to humans, a team of researchers in Halifax has announced they #39;ve become first in the world to successfully clone insects.
3	Plastic magnet breaks the mold Researchers in England have made the first magnet made of plastic that works at room temperatures.
0	Russia Ready to Strike Against 'Terror' Worldwide  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia's top general threatened  Wednesday to attack "terrorist bases" anywhere in the world, as  security services put a \$10 million bounty on two Chechen  rebels they blame for last week's school siege.
2	Air NZ shares placed on trading halt ahead of High Court decision Shares in Air New Zealand were placed in a trading halt before NZX opened this morning. Air NZ requested its shares be placed on the halt ahead of a High Court announcement on the airline #39;s proposed tie-up with Qantas.
1	Purdue on a Roll Heading Into Bye Week (AP) AP - With as well as No. 18 Purdue is playing right now, it appears there is only one thing that can slow down these Boilermakers  #151; the bye.
3	Enter your e-mail: Humax has announced that it is now shipping its DRT800 Tivo hardware. Humax reps here at the Digital Life trade show claim the DRT800 is the first sub-\$500 three-in-one Tivo device to include a DVD recorder 
2	Nfld. oil spill more serious than originally thought ST. JOHN #39;S, Nfld. -- An oil spill on Newfoundland #39;s Grand Banks is larger than first reported. The Canada-Newfoundland Offshore Petroleum Board now says that up to 1,000 barrels of oil may have spilled into 
1	Mayfield in Chase with win Smart pit strategy puts Jeremy Mayfield in the driver #39;s seat, while other contenders drop out. By BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer.
3	Mobile cashpoints coming soon Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
0	UN court curbs Milosevic #39;s role in mammoth trial THE HAGUE : The UN war crimes court appointed to British lawyers to act as defence counsel for Slobodan Milosevic thus curbing the role the former Yugoslav president can play in his own trial.
1	Auburn simply awesome KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jason Campbell threw for 252 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 8 Auburn proved itself as a national title contender by overwhelming No. 10 Tennessee, 34-10, last night.
0	Thatcher stunned as court orders he face coup questions SIR Mark Thatcher has lost his fight to avoid being questioned about his alleged involvement in a foiled coup to topple the president of Equatorial Guinea.
2	Star Gas down on Pacific Exchange; warns of bankruptcy NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) _ The stock of Star Gas Partners LP plunged 80 percent Monday after the distributor of heating oil and propane said its inability to pass on the full impact of high heating oil prices to customers may lead to bankruptcy.
3	Frances tears panels from NASA shuttle hangar NASA managers worried Monday about the prospect of Hurricane Ivan after Hurricane Frances ripped about 1,000 4-by-10-foot aluminum panels off one side of its massive Vehicle Assembly Building, Kennedy Space Center director Jim Kennedy said.
2	Advo Names Harding CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AD.N&lt;/A&gt;, which publishes  shopping ad circulars and provides other direct-mail marketing  services, on Monday said its board of directors had elected  Scott Harding chief executive, effective Oct. 15.
3	Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group South Korea's Haansoft is joining the effort to put Linux on computers in Asia.
2	Krispy Kreme Profit Dives, Stock Hammered  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled  that business may not recover anytime soon, sending its shares  down more than 17 percent in pre-market trading.
3	FCC Updates Congress on Cable TV Prices Letting cable TV subscribers pay for only the channels they want won't reduce the cost for most, federal regulators told Congress in a report released Friday. Consumer groups immediately attacked the study as flawed.
3	Jury Rules in Favor of Kodak in Dispute A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company #39;s popular Java programming language.
2	Banker Questioned in Enron Criminal Case  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Prosecutors in the first Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; criminal trial sought to cast doubt on Wednesday on  a former Merrill Lynch &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; banker's statements that he was  worried about financial risks from buying three barges from  Enron.
0	Volkswagen, German Union OK Pay Freeze A Volkswagen worker protests with a sign reading  quot;Captain Hartz, it #39;s a trip on the Titanic for us quot; during a warning strike at the Volkswagen factory in Hanover, northern Germany, on Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004.
1	WRAPUP 1-Record-breaking Arsenal sweep past Rovers Champions Arsenal made history on Wednesday by trouncing Blackburn Rovers 3-0 at Highbury to set a 43-match unbeaten league record in English football.
3	FilePlanet Daily Download Valve #39;s Gabe has sent some fresh info to fan site HL Fallout in which he reveals the various Half-Life 2 retail and Steam packages that will be available to the public once Half-life 2 actually goes on sale.
1	Boston #39;s dominant play has curse on life support They are suffering inexplicable breakdowns, and unaccountable disasters. This used to be the Boston Red Sox in October. Now it is the teams they are playing.
2	AOL Paddles Into Crowded Travel Pool America Online dipped its toe into the onrushing online travel business Friday with an investment in closely held Kayak. AOL didn #39;t disclose details of the multiyear marketing-and-technology agreement.
1	Report: Holtz to quit; Spurrier to take over Stephen Orr Spurrier may become the new ball coach at South Carolina, a Southeastern Conference rival that immediately would leapfrog the Seminoles and Bulldogs as the opponent to bookmark on future schedules.
0	Talks for Sudan's Darfur deadlocked over disarmament: AU officials, rebels (AFP) AFP - African Union-brokered peace talks for Sudan's western Darfur region stalled over the sensitive issues of security and disarmament as they began their third week, officials said.
0	Bomb Threat Forces Flight Diversion LONDON - A bomb threat that mentioned Iraq forced a New York-bound Greek airliner to make an emergency landing Sunday at London's Stansted Airport escorted by military jets, authorities said.    An airport spokeswoman said an Athens newspaper had received a phone call saying there was a bomb on board the Olympic Airlines plane...
1	Texans Troubled by Turnovers For the first time in their history, the Houston Texans are 0-2, and they have turnovers to blame.  quot;I #39;ve been around this business long enough to know what 
0	Marsh   McLennan to Lay Off 3,000 Marsh   McLennan said today that it would lay off roughly 5 percent of its work force, as it moved to right itself after being accused of bid-rigging.
0	US soldier pleads guilty in Iraq abuse case The highest-ranking US Army soldier accused of abusing prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, has pleaded guilty to five charges.
1	Chicago Cubs Team Report - August 23 (Sports Network) - A pair of pitchers that rank in the top 10 in the Major Leagues in ERA face-off this evening, when Ben Sheets anchors the Milwaukee Brewers against Carlos Zambrano and the Chicago Cubs in the first of a three- game set at Wrigley Field.
3	Australia Says It's Starting to Win Its Locust War (Reuters) Reuters - Australian locust fighters are getting\on top of one of the worst outbreaks of the insects in decades,\knocking out infestations before they begin to swarm and so far\protecting crops from major damage.
1	Knicks 113 76ers 107, overtime PHILADELPHIA Allan Houston and Kurt Thomas provided the big baskets in New York #39;s 113-to-107 overtime triumph at Philadelphia.
0	UN Threatens Sudan with Sanctions on Darfur Abuses  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council  adopted a resolution on Saturday threatening Sudan with  sanctions if it did not stop atrocities in the western Darfur  region where Arab militias are terrorizing African villagers.
3	IPass To Offer Flat-Rate Hotspot Pricing Aggregator says it expects flat-rate pricing to simplify budgeting for enterprises and to increase usage of hotspots. By Mobile Pipeline News.
1	Thursday #39;s round-up It was another great night for the US track and field team as it upped its medal count to 18, just two short of the Sydney Games. The highlight was the sweep in the 200 meters.
1	NBA to review Sprewell #39;s comments against female Minnesota Timberwolves Latrell Sprewell #39;s profane comments, made to a female heckler, are being reviewed by NBA officials. The Star Tribune reported Tuesday that Sprewell #39;s 
1	Kobe Rebounds From the beginning, Eagle County, Colo., district attorney Mark Hurlbert insisted that the sexual-assault charge he filed against Kobe Bryant had nothing to do with the celebrity of the Los Angeles Lakers #39; star.
0	China Rejects Olive Branch Offered by Taiwan #39;s President China has rejected Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian #39;s call for dialogue and peace talks. President Chen made the overture during a much-publicized National Day speech in Taipei on Sunday.
3	Teen set up sex services site A 13 YEAR old Taiwanese boy has been arrested for running a sexual services business on the web. More than 100 teens had signed up for the boy #39;s  quot;compensated dating quot; site which usually refers to youngsters trading sex for money or gifts.
1	Love game over: Clijsters, Hewitt split up, according to her Web &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt called off their wedding, according to her Web site.  quot;Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt jointly decided to put an end to their relationship for private reasons.
3	AMD shows off fourway dual core CPU server CHIP FIRM AMD said it is demonstrating a fourway Opteron server using dual processor cores. 90 nanometre technology and silicon on insulator (SOI) technology.
2	BHP Billiton Approved \$990m Copper Project in Chile BHP Billiton today announced the approval of the US\$990 million Spence Copper Project in northern Chile. The project will have a designed capacity to produce 200,000 tonnes of copper cathode per annum and will have a mine life of 19 years.
0	Report: Britain Wins U.S. Support for Mideast Talks  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold  an international peace conference on the Middle East in London  early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.
3	Eggs 'fertilised' without sperm A way of 'tricking' eggs to divide without being fertilised may aid stem cell and IVF research, say scientists.
1	Notre Dame says bye to Ty Long regarded as valuing so much more than favorable scoreboards, Notre Dame joined the cold, hard college football 21st century yesterday by deciding it had lived under too many unfriendly scoreboards of late.
0	Afghan opposition accepts Karzai #39;s victory The main rivals of Afghan President Hamid Karzai swallowed their bitterness on Thursday over cases of vote fraud and accepted defeat a day after a UN-Afghan election panel declared Karzai the winner of a historic Oct. 9 election.
1	BCCI cancels own telecast rights tender MUMBAI, SEPTEMBER 21: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today informed the Bombay High Court that it was cancelling the entire tender process regarding cricket telecast rights as also the conditional deal with Zee TV.
3	iPod chipmaker plans stock offering PortalPlayer, whose chip powers Apple's MP3 player, files for IPO. Paperwork gives glimpse of potential evolution of iPod.
0	Scotsman praised as media urged to keep Dafur in spotlight POLITICIANS and aid agencies yesterday stressed the importance of the media in keeping the spotlight on the appalling human rights abuses taking place in the Darfur region of Sudan.
2	Qwest to Pay \$250 Million in Fraud Probe Qwest Communications International Inc. yesterday agreed to pay \$250 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.
2	Franks Nursery  amp; Crafts files for Chapter 11 Franks Nursery Inc., a lawn and garden specialty chain that grew out of a Depression-era produce market in Detroit, filed for bankruptcy Wednesday for a second time and said it would close all 169 of its stores.
1	Transactions BASEBALL Atlanta (NL): Assigned Ps Tim Drew and Travis Smith outright to their minor league camp and announced they will become free agents; activated INF Carlos Guzman from the 15-day DL and released him. Baltimore (AL): Assigned OF Darnell McDonald outright to Ottawa (IL); purchased the contract of P Jacobo Sequea from Bowie (EL) and added him to the 40-man ...
1	No. 2 Kansas Defeats St. Joseph's 91-51 (AP) AP - Wayne Simien had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and No. 2 Kansas shot 63 percent during a 91-51 rout of St. Joseph's on Tuesday night.
3	Yahoo Makes a Deal With The Donald Fans who can't get enough of "The Apprentice" can visit a new companion Web site each week and watch an extra 40 minutes of video not broadcast on the Thursday show.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
0	Azzam release to improve Egypt-Israel ties Egypt #39;s release of accused Israeli spy Azzam Azzam in an apparent swap for six Egyptian students held on suspicion of terrorism is expected to melt the ice and perhaps result 
0	Pakistani Leader to Remain As Army Chief (AP) AP - Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf backed out of a pledge to step down as army chief, slamming the door Wednesday on this key Washington ally's slow progress toward democracy five years after his bloodless coup.
2	Landmark deal: IBM #39;s planned selloff would signal end of an era IBM #39;s expected decision to sell its US\$11.5 billion PC business would mark the end of an era and dramatically reshape the systems landscape, posing both opportunities and pitfalls for solution providers.
2	U.S. Web Shoppers' Holiday Spending Up  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Online consumers in the United  States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in  November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online  a year earlier, a report released on Monday said.
0	Iraqi Explosives Missing, UN Is Told The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency reported Monday that massive quantities of high explosives at an Iraqi weapons facility have disappeared, including 
0	Burundian rebels: we #39;re ready to defend ourselves in court in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders of a Burundian rebel group said Friday they were ready to defend themselves in an international court against war crimes charges after they took responsibility for the massacre of 163 refugees, their spokesman said.
0	Africa Lobbies for More AIDS, TB, Malaria Funds (Reuters) Reuters - African leaders lobbied the\Global Fund for Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria for more money\on Wednesday to solve a cash crunch but were told a new round\of funding was likely to be delayed by several months.
0	Tennis: Henman win in US Open Tim Henman reaches the US Open quarter-finals for the first time after Nicolas Kiefer retires injured.
1	Pavano Wants to Pitch for Yankees ANAHEIM, Calif. Dec 11, 2004 - Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
3	Yahoo pages to get touch-up Yahoo on Thursday plans to let visitors test-drive its new home page and My Yahoo personalization site in preparation for a full relaunch this fall.
0	Marbury Leads Dream Team Past Spain 102-94 ATHENS, Greece - Written off after their opener and branded failures back home, Stephon Marbury and the Americans are showing signs that they just might be the team to beat after all. Marbury set a U.S...
0	After Arafat Death, Sharon Vows to Pursue Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point  for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that  would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.
0	Croatia PM makes key Serbia visit Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader is in Serbia - the first such visit since the war between the two former Yugoslav republics ended almost a decade ago.
2	Central bank bumps rate The Bank of Canada rate will hit four per cent by late next year, an economist predicts. OTTAWA -- The Bank of Canada raised its key policy interest rate yesterday while hinting that this could be the start of a new upward trend in borrowing costs.
3	Future Windows component could spur old-school viruses BOSTON - A planned component for Microsoft Corp.'s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely exploitable attacks.
0	Missing Airport Uniforms Pose No Threat, Canada Says (Reuters) Reuters - Canada reported Monday that its airport\screening staff had lost more than 1,100 pieces of clothing and\identification this year but insisted the missing items posed\no threat to security.
0	ASEAN officials prep for economic accord VIENTIANE - Senior officials of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations made final preparations on Thursday for ASEAN leaders to sign at their summit here next Monday an agreement on accelerating economic integration in the region.
2	Oil surge to cause  #39;bloodbath #39;, says Ryanair The strength of oil prices is poised to exacerbate an airline  quot;bloodbath quot; long predicted for this winter, Ryanair has said, announcing a profits ahead of City forecasts.
1	 #39;Nats Play Rude Guests The US Mens National Team recorded a convincing 2-0 victory over El Salvador in Estadio Cuscatlan in San Salvador on Saturday evening, increasing their Group 1 lead in the semifinal round of qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup to three points.
0	Iceland's Leader Takes New Job (AP) AP - Iceland Prime Minister David Oddsson, Europe's longest-serving premier, is stepping down after a 13-year tenure marked by the transformation of his island country with free market policies.
0	Fla. Urges New Evacuations As Ivan Nears KEY WEST, Fla. - All tourists and recreational vehicles were urged to evacuate the Florida Keys early Thursday because the powerful Hurricane Ivan could hit the island chain by Sunday...
1	Stonehill has grand opening Stonehill rolled up 349 yards of total offense in a 23-6 Northeast-10 Conference victory over Assumption yesterday in Easton, snapping a seven-game winless streak dating to last season and winning its first season opener in seven years.
2	Stocks Seen Lower, Weighed Down by Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open lower  on Monday amid investor concern that high energy costs will  squeeze corporate profits and consumer spending.
1	IOC sanctions two more for anti-doping violations Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The International Olympic Committee announced today that Ukraine rower Olena Olefirenko, whose team place third in the women #39;s quadruple sculls event, has tested positive for the drug Ethamivan.
2	Nike sprints to quarterly growth Nike, the US sports footwear and clothing firm, unveils a 26 rise in first quarter income, thanks to the Olympics raising its profile.
0	China #39;s Hu takes Army reins Sunday #39;s departure of Jiang Zemin as head of China #39;s military was a surprise, though rumors of a power struggle with 
0	US denies Ukraine interference US Secretary of State Colin Powell rejects Russian claims that the West wants more influence in Ukraine.
3	Time for a new Dem agenda Whoever officially wins this election mdash;at the time of this writing, it rsquo;s technically still a squeaker that could conceivably go either way, though it rsquo;s looking like Bush rsquo;s first election to office mdash;what is clear is that the Republicans owned the political agenda. I rsquo;m not talking about Iraq or terrorism, though those were significant issues. What I rsquo;m talking about is what got so many people to turn out and vote Republican on Tuesday: values.
3	Hurricane Center Director Is Calm Force (AP) AP - In the midst of a crisis, Max Mayfield sets his schedule in four-minute increments. That's the amount of time the director of the National Hurricane Center allots each media crew camped out in the bunker-like building where forecasts are drawn up. He sets aside an hour to help assemble regularly scheduled advisories, and pauses to take calls from higher-ups, including U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans.
0	At Least 7 Dead in Russia School Siege (AP) AP - At least seven people were killed and 310 others wounded Friday, reports said, after commandos stormed a school in southern Russia where hundreds had been held hostage for three days by Chechen rebels strapped with explosives.
1	Cubs Extend Lead in NL Wild-Card Race (AP) AP - Todd Walker homered and drove in four runs, Carlos Zambrano won his fourth straight decision and the Chicago Cubs extended their lead in the NL wild-card race with a 12-5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday night.
3	First Look: Service Speeds Wireless Info Gathering Pocket Express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
2	Trump Hotels to seek bankruptcy in agreement with bondholders Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. reached an agreement with bondholders that will reduce the company #39;s debt through a bankruptcy and leave Chairman Donald Trump, best known as the billionaire tycoon of NBC #39;s  quot;The Apprentice, quot; in charge.
1	Varitek's Homer Helps Red Sox Tie Angels (AP) AP - Jason Varitek hit a two-run homer off Bartolo Colon in the sixth inning to bring Boston from behind, and the Red Sox and Anaheim Angels were tied 3-3 after six innings Wednesday night.
0	Kerry Courts Jews With Hebrew Stickers (AP) AP - John Kerry boasts of flying an Israeli jet and calls out in Hebrew during Florida campaign stops, trying to keep the state's large Jewish population from straying to President Bush.
0	Bush, Kerry Pause to Trade Barbs on Iraq (AP) AP - President Bush and rival Sen. John Kerry paused from private debate practice on Monday to accuse each other of a lack of clarity on Iraq as they campaigned in "must win" states for each  #151; the Republican incumbent in Ohio and his Democratic challenger in Wisconsin.
3	Sports venues look to score with wireless, HDTV But will Wi-Fi, high-definition broadcasts, mobile messaging and other enhancements improve the game, or wreck it?\&lt;br /&gt; Photos of tech-friendly parks\
2	Carrier, union OK tentative labor pact The union representing 6,000 reservation and customer service agents at US Airways yesterday reached a tentative agreement on a new labor contract, just as attorneys for the airline were seeking 
3	Internet is caught in its own web It is the news that Internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference 
3	AMD uses strained silicon on 90-nanometer chips AMD will implement the strained silicon manufacturing technique on its upcoming 90-nanometer processors as well as 130-nanometer processors.
2	Stocks Set for Firmer Open; Retail Eyed Stock futures rose sharply on Monday, pointing to a strong open, as investors pinned hopes on a solid start to the holiday shopping season, while the dollar pulled back from record lows and oil eased slightly.
3	Google Partners with Oxford, Harvard   Others to Digitize Libraries Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database. 
2	BSkyB #39;s customer numbers beat forecasts British pay-TV company BSkyB said its first-quarter profit climbed as its closely-watched subscriber growth figures surpassed analyst expectations.
3	Next-generation Russian spaceship unveiled Russian space officials on Tuesday unveiled a full-scale high-fidelity mockup of the spacecraft they hope will replace the veteran Soyuz space capsule.
0	Hostage talks postponed Mrs Flanigan and two other UN officials were snatched in the capital Kabul last week while monitoring the countrys presidential election.
2	China textile exports develop BEIJING, Dec. 13 -- Three years after China #39;s entry into the World Trade Organization and the country #39;s quality of textile exports continues to improve.
3	Avaya, Polycom Unveil Internet Videophone The Avaya Video Telephony Solution: Desktop Edition bundles US-based Polycom #39;s ViaVideo II video camera for PCs with Softphone from Avaya.
1	Hamilton Fired by Team Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton's pro cycling team fired him after he failed doping tests, the sport's world governing body said Tuesday.
3	Slimmer PlayStation triple sales Sony PlayStation 2 #39;s slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale. Sales have tripled since launch, outstripping Microsoft #39;s Xbox, said market analysts Chart-Track.
3	Cassini gets altitude adjustment The Cassini-Huygens mission #39;s second (comparatively) close encounter Monday with Saturn #39;s moon Titan generated more atmospheric drag on the spacecraft than expected, NASA mission controllers say.
1	Decision appealing for Kapler and Nixon Beware, titans of the legal world. There may be a new force in town.  quot;I'm going to hire the law firm of Kapler and Nixon, quot; Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein said after outfielders Gabe Kapler and Trot Nixon yesterday won the appeals of their three-game suspensions and \$1,000 fines for their roles in the July 24 bench-clearing incident with ...
0	Derrida, father of deconstructionism, dies number of false assumptions and that they have multiple meanings which even their author may not have understood. It is heralded as showing the multiple layers of meaning at work in language, but was described by critics as nihilistic.
2	Microsoft reports fiscal first-quarter earnings up 11 percent Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts #39; expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
1	Wenger fined for  #39;cheat #39; jibe ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger was fined  amp;pound15,000 (\$38,000) by the Football Association today for calling Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy a cheat.
0	Rabbis tell army to refuse Sharon #39;s orders Israel #39;s military is worried significant numbers of soldiers will heed a call by prominent rabbis to refuse orders to evacuate Jewish settlers, officials said on Tuesday, and 
0	Bush sends bipartisan message President  Bush says he will reach out to allies abroad and sceptics at home, in his first radio message since re-election. 
1	Silva out for a month ARSENAL #39;S Brazilian World Cup winning midfielder Gilberto Silva is set to be out for at least a month with a back injury, the Premiership leaders said.
0	American woman becomes second fatality in Kabul suicide bombing: US military (AFP) AFP - An American woman has died after being wounded by a suicide bomber in Kabul, the US military said, taking the death toll from the attack on a crowded shopping street popular with foreigners to two.
1	Australia Sets World Record in Women #39;s 400-Meter Medley Relay Australia set a world record in the women #39;s 400-meter medley relay at the Olympics, as Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, Petria Thomas and Jodie Henry covered the distance in 3 minutes, 57.
3	The Dawn Of HD Radio (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - When WHUR launched "high definition" digital radio this year, it advertised the move several times an hour on air. It slapped the "HD Radio" logo on its letterhead and employee jackets. It drove around town in a specially outfitted van inviting people to listen to the crisp, no-static sound. And it tutored consumer electronics retailers about the technology.
2	U.S. Oil Eyes  #36;45, Hurricane Shuts Output (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices headed up toward  #36;45 a\barrel on Wednesday as Hurricane Ivan shut 60 percent of crude\output in the Gulf of Mexico and at least five refiners along\the U.S. coast planned to close as a precaution.
0	Berlusconi Acquitted of Corruption Charges A Milan court today acquitted Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi of corruption charges - a major victory in the billionaire business barons decade-long battle with legal woes he blamed on left-wing prosecutors.
0	Defense Lawyers Say Rapport with Milosevic Ruined  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The lawyers appointed to defend  Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial renewed their plea  on Tuesday to be allowed to withdraw from the case, saying  their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably  damaged.
3	Intel Announces Latest Mobile Chip Intel has announced the latest version of its Centrino mobile processor family, the Pentium M 765, which offers 2 MB of Level 2 cache and a 400-MHz system bus.
2	The Dollar Sinks Across the Board (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar sank across the board on\Friday as dealers shrugged off robust U.S. economic data and\kept their focus on the currency's shaky fundamentals.
1	Seahawks 24, Dolphins 17 Boulware intercepted a pass by AJ Feeley and returned it 63 yards for a touchdown with 56 seconds remaining, lifting the Seahawks to a 24-17 win over the Miami Dolphins on Sunday.
2	Office Depot chief quits Office Depot Inc. Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson resigned by mutual agreement with the board, after four years at the helm.
0	Powell Cancels Greece Visit Amid Protests ATHENS, Greece - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Saturday canceled a weekend visit to attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics just hours after demonstrators staged a protest march in central Athens.    Greece's foreign ministry said that Powell informed his Greek counterpart, Petros Moliviatis, that "urgent responsibilities" prevented him from carrying out the visit - which was to include meetings with Premier Costas Caramanlis and U.S...
1	Rangers Player Breaks Female Fan #39;s Nose OAKLAND, Calif. -- What fan would expect to go a baseball game and get hit by a chair thrown into the stands by a player? That #39;s what happened in Monday night #39;s 7-6 win by Oakland over Texas in 10 innings.
2	IBM Third-Quarter Net Flat After Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed  down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit  and lackluster sales in its mainstay computer services  business.
1	Prior in command to make early lead stand up The Cubs continued their bid for a Wild Card spot Monday with an easy victory against the Marlins in the first game of a doubleheader which made up games washed out earlier by Hurricane Frances.
0	Hemispheric trade zone stumbles President Bush spent the weekend in Chile, the only South American nation with a free-trade pact with the US.
3	Commerce One patents auctioned for \$15.5 million About 40 patents owned by bankrupt software vendor Commerce Onewere auctioned for \$15.5 million in a San Francisco bankruptcy court Monday.
0	Pakistan Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan successfully test-fired  Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of  carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its  defenses, a military statement said.
2	Oil Falls on Signs Economy Hurting  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell 3 percent after setting  record highs above \$55 a barrel on Monday as dealers took  profits on signs that energy costs are hitting economic growth.
3	Transplant Arranged via the Internet Is Completed Surgeons completed a kidney transplant Wednesday in what is believed to be the first operation where the donor and recipient met through a commercial Web site.
0	ISRAEL * PALESTINE * ARAFAT * DEBATES TEL AVIV, November 7 (RIA Novosti) - Yasser Arafat, Palestinian Authority leader, is badly ill in a French hospital. Debates where to bury him are already raging in the Israeli political community, meanwhile.
0	Ivory Coast troops clash with rebels  ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast -- Rebel fighters clashed with government troops, and warplanes struck rebel positions in the north yesterday, escalating hostilities a day after army hard-liners broke a cease-fire and relaunched Ivory Coast's civil war after more than a year of relative peace.
1	Q amp;A with Metros GM Nick Sakiewicz com Staff. Following Friday #39;s trade involving the MetroStars and San Jose Earthquakes for defender Jeff Agoos, Metros general maanger Nick Sakiewicz took time to answer questions regarding his newest acquisition.
3	Spy Imagery Agency Watching Americans In the name of homeland security, America's spy imagery agency is keeping a close eye, close to home. It's watching America. Since the Sept. 11 attacks, about 100 employees of a little-known branch of the Defense Department called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency have focused on observing what's going on in the United States.
0	GM's Bochum Staff Vote to Resume Work (Reuters) Reuters - Workers at a General Motors\plant in Bochum, Germany, swallowed their anger over job cuts\and voted on Wednesday to end a seven-day stoppage that has\disrupted output at three other GM factories.
3	Transportation IT Spending Projected To Grow Government-intelligence firm Input says state and local spending on transportation IT systems should rise from \$1.8 billion in fiscal 2005 to \$2.
0	Pak. will not show  #39;unilateral flexibility #39; on Kashmir: Kasuri : Both Pakistan and India need to compromise over Kashmir, or else the issue will continue  quot;for another 100 years, quot; Pakistan #39;s Foreign Minister said today.
1	Moving Beyond Naming Names The drama of Kobe Bryant and the woman who accused him of rape in a little Colorado mountain town 14 months ago has moved to new terrain.
1	Forget the medal count, Phelps has far exceeded expectations Two-time US Olympian Tom Dolan, who took back-to-back gold medals in the 400 IM at Atlanta and Sydney, will analyze races for SI.com throughout the Games. 
2	Bright Marks  amp; Sparks It speaks of grateful grannies and bowing bread-earners as Munificence plc divides between its investors excess booty earned from triumph on commerce #39;s high seas.
1	Wales fail to give manager Hughes winning send-off Wales failed to give departing manager Mark Hughes the send-off he wanted as Poland performed a smash and grab act to win 3-2 at the Millennium Stadium in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
3	Holiday Tech Buying Guide Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to host his second discussion on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
2	TransActing Up and Down Do the third-quarter numbers mean continued volatility for this small-cap stock?
2	Some Firms Avoid Dent From Scandal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Despite a year of negative headlines, the investing public doesn't understand the mutual fund scandal, couldn't care less and hasn't lost much confidence in the fund families where they invest, says a new study released this week.
1	Ranieri apologises for outburst over referee PERHAPS we should call him the Temperman from now on. Linguistic problems were an entertaining hallmark of Claudio Ranieris stint as Chelsea head coach, but on Tuesday night a misguided verbal 
3	Google's Value Tops Yahoo (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. hit\a new high on Monday, giving the Web search leader a bigger\market value than rival Yahoo Inc., as traders who had shorted\the stock scrambled to buy back scarce shares after Google's\better-than-expected quarterly results last week.
2	Investing: Cutting your  #39;energy tax #39; Record-setting natural gas and oil prices are teaming up to create a winter of discontent for many households. With crude oil breaking \$50 a barrel and continuing to climb, it is time to consider how to offset 
2	Manufacturing grows; construction up; sentiment down The latest round of economic data was again mixed, reports showed Friday: Manufacturing activity increased in September for the 16th consecutive month and construction spending surged in August to a record high.
2	Mobile Boohoo for Sohu Chinese net stock Sohu.com (Nasdaq: SOHU) dropped by 10 on Friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services with China Mobile Communication had been temporarily suspended for a year. The sanctions were ...
1	Trailing by 16 points no problem for Rattay SAN FRANCISCO - Tim Rattay #39;s winless 49ers faced a 16-point deficit with five minutes left. His top two receivers were hurting, and the opposing defense had not allowed a touchdown in 13 quarters.
0	State of Iraqi Oil Exports Unclear (AP) AP - The status of Iraq's crucial oil exports was mired in confusion Tuesday, with government and industry officials giving contradictory statements about whether oil was flowing or whether there were even oil tankers at the port here.
3	AOL Concentrates On Security Issues With New Software (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - America Online Inc. is releasing a new version of its software today that focuses on increasing online safety and security, which the company hopes will help it hold on to more subscribers.
2	Auto Makers Sue to Block New California Emission Rule DALLAS -- Auto makers filed suit Tuesday to block California from forcing the companies to make cars and trucks that emit lower levels of global-warming gases.
0	UN, France Demand Gbabgo End Ivory Coast Violence  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - The United Nations and France demanded  on Sunday that President Laurent Gbagbo end fighting in Ivory  Coast after his forces killed nine French peacekeepers in a  bombing raid on a rebel-held town.
0	Brando Jr 'murder link' dismissed A US judge rules there is no evidence linking Marlon Brando's son with the murder of actor Robert Blake's wife.
0	Baghdad Bomb Leaves at Least 6 Dead, Iraqi Police Say (Update3) A car bomb exploded outside Iraq #39;s Education Ministry in Baghdad, killing at least six people, while in Fallujah, west of the capital, US air strikes hit insurgent targets, US and Iraqi officials said.
3	Department Of Justice raids P2P users homes Today the US Department of Justice launched an assault on P2P filesharing. Using search warrants, they searched five homes and the offices of one ISP.
0	Jail sought for  #39;JI bomb tutor #39; INDONESIAN prosecutors today called for a two-year prison term for a man accused of using his science degree and Islamic militant experience to run bomb workshops and plot terror attacks on Western interests.
1	Illinois Proves Rank Sporting their brand-new No. 1 ranking, Illinois reigns 14 three-pointers on Chicago State as the Illini cruise to a 78-59 triumph on Monday night.
0	Typhoon Tokage takes Tokyo TOKYO -- Officials say 63 people are dead and more than two dozen missing after Typhoon Tokage ripped across Japan. One resident of a small Japanese island said his mother was buried alive by a mudslide, telling 
3	Microsoft wraps up MOM 2005 management tool Microsoft Operations Manager 2005 offers new features such as graphical systems views and enhanced reporting tools, and has been designed to be easier to deploy than its predecessor.
0	Turkey concert blast  #39;hurts 14 #39; A bomb placed under a police car at a pop concert in southern Turkey has hurt at least 14 people, officials say. The explosion happened in the city of Mercin during a performance by well-known Turkish singer Candan Ercetin.
0	Nuclear waste convoy rolls toward German dump after protester #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HANOVER, Germany (AFP) - Demonstrators in Germany chained themselves to a railway to stop a shipment of highly radioactive nuclear waste from France, a day after a protester was crushed to death under the train #39;s wheels.
0	Blast kills 10 in southwestern Pakistan At least 10 people were killed and 21 others wounded in a powerful bomb blast Friday in Quetta, capital of Pakistan #39;s southwestern Baluchistan province, state-run Pakistan TV reported.
2	Wall Street Seen Flat; TI Buyback to Buoy US stocks were set for a steady start on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas Instruments (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) lending some backbone to the technology sector.
3	Hollywood lawsuits to target illegal file sharing The trade group that represents Hollywood #39;s major motion picture studios is expected to announce Thursday that it intends to file as many as 230 lawsuits in coming weeks against individuals 
1	Jayasuriya Strengthens Sri Lanka Position Sri Lanka have opened up a significant lead over Pakistan on the third day of the first Test in Faisalabad, closing on 285 for three, a lead of 264.
2	Sirius Names Karmazin CEO, Shares Jump  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SIRI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SIRI.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel  Karmazin as its chief executive, in the latest migration of a  mainstream radio heavyweight to the fledgling satellite  industry.
0	Polls point to Howard victory Australians vote in less than 24 hours to choose a new government with most key pointers suggesting the incumbent conservative coalition of Prime Minister John Howard will be returned.
2	Glaxo's Mild Depression British drug maker Glaxo sees increased generic competition for its anti-depressant drugs.
2	Sharper Image says campaign hurt 3Q Sharper Image Corp., a retailer of personal and home electronics, posted a third-quarter loss Thursday, saying same-store sales slipped and that the presidential election campaign hurt business.
3	BioVeris Files Delayed Annual Report BioVeris Corp. filed its delayed annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission Monday, only days before a scheduled hearing by the Nasdaq Stock Market on whether to delist the Gaithersburg biotechnology company for failing to report earnings. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Next wave of Al Qaeda leadership As the group's Arab core is captured or killed, a new generation of Pakistanis fills the void.
3	VMware aims for four-processor abilities Software that lets computers split into virtual machines will create more powerful subdivisions.
0	Congress Probing U.N. Oil-For Food Program (AP) AP - Congressional investigators examining "a semitrailer truck load" of subpoenaed documents are trying to determine whether lax monitoring at a French bank that held more than  #36;60 billion for the U.N. oil-for-food program facilitated illicit business deals by the former Iraqi government, officials told The Associated Press.
3	Nokia #39;s Ollila Says Global Mobile-Phone Users Reach 1.7 Billion Nokia Oyj Chief Executive Officer Jorma Ollila said there are 1.7 billion mobile-phone users globally, equivalent to 26 percent penetration, and market growth will come from camera phones and so-called smartphones.
0	Nichols Won't Appeal State Convictions PONCA CITY, Okla. - Deciding at the last possible moment not to appeal his conviction, Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols brought his case to a final close, saying he hoped it would begin a "long-awaited healing process."   For Nichols, it means a life in prison with no further recourse...
3	Take-Two Sets Funk, Rap Soundtrack for San Andreas (Reuters) Reuters - Video game publisher Take-Two\Interactive Software Inc. and Interscope Records on Tuesday set\a Dec. 7 release for an eight-CD soundtrack to "Grand Theft\Auto: San Andreas," Take-Two's blockbuster criminal adventure\game.
1	Ferrari show rolls on RUBENS Barrichello finally won his first Formula One race of the season to hand Ferrari victory on its home circuit yesterday. He punched the air in pure delight as he beat teammate Michael Schumacher at the 
0	Senator to Revisit Judicial Travel Ethics (AP) AP - Sen. Patrick Leahy, contending a judicial panel has weakened ethics rules for judges who accept corporate-sponsored trips, said Friday he plans to reintroduce legislation to define standards.
1	US softball team enjoys dominant Olympic run When Australia scored a token run in the fifth inning of the gold medal game Monday at the Olympic Softball Stadium, it was the first scored here against the US - in the ninth and final game 
0	Final Results of German Saxony, Brandenburg Elections (Table) Following are tables showing the provisional final results of yesterday #39;s regional elections in the eastern German states of Saxony and Brandenburg.
0	Flash floods force huge rescue bid LONDON: Rescue workers combed an English coastal village in north Cornwall yesterday for people missing after a flash flood caused by torrential rain hit Britain #39;s southwestern Atlantic coast. 
3	Study: Americans happier with their PCs US consumers are happier with their PC purchases than they have been in the past three years, with Apple Computer and Dell pleasing them most, according to a report.
3	Video phone help for deaf people Deaf people who use sign language could soon be using video phones to make calls.
1	ELLIOTT BAGS BOTH STAKES AT THE BIG A Jockey Stewart Elliott made a successful visit to Aqueduct as he swept both stakes on the Election Day card. Elliott, who came to prominence as the regular jockey of 2004 
2	New Fan Pier owners may take on partners The prospective new owners of Boston's Fan Pier said yesterday they would not rule out selling sections or taking on partners to develop nonresidential components of the 3 million-square-foot project.
1	No. 5 Syracuse 71, No. 12 Mississippi St. 58 Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim is known for his cutting wit, and even his star players can wind up on the receiving end. Preseason All-America Hakim Warrick scored 17 of his 21 points in the second half to lead 
3	Mission inside the fault zone BBC correspondent David Shukman meets the scientists who are drilling into California's San Andreas fault.
1	Bucs #39; Lack Of Offense In Opener Was Like A Cold Blast From The &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It took them 23 minutes to make a first down. We still don #39;t know how long it took to make a touchdown, because they still haven #39;t made one.
3	House Panel Moves to Criminalize Spyware, Net Piracy People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful congressional panel today.
3	115 Whales, Dolphins Die After Beaching (AP) AP - A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger.
0	Focus: Crisis in Darfur The situation continues to deteriorate in western Sudan more than 18-months after a rebel uprising provoked a harsh government response.
2	CNNfn to shut after nine years CNN plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift to CNN, the Atlanta Business Chronicle reported Thursday.
0	Nepal braced for rebel 'blockade' Nepalese forces are on alert ahead a deadline set by rebels, who have threatened to blockade the capital.
3	ESPN to Launch Mobile Phone Service in Sprint Deal  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DIS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; ESPN  sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile  phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=FON.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; intended to  lure new users with sports news sent over a next-generation  network, the companies said on Wednesday.
3	Fans rush to create mods for long-awaited  #39;Doom 3 #39; Activision #39;s Doom 3, which launched earlier this month, wasn #39;t on store shelves for three days before players started creating their own modifications - known as mods -o the game.
3	Napster founder Fanning returns to digital music world NEW YORK - Shawn Fanning, the man who founded file-swapping service Napster as a student five years ago, has resurfaced in the digital music world, with a new company that aims to bridge the divide between music labels and peer-to-peer networks.
2	The Tax Man May Bite (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks may come under pressure this\week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax\season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in\the dollar will also be closely watched.
1	Bulger hurt, but Rams win ST. LOUIS -- Steven Jackson ran for 119 yards on 26 carries, his first career 100-yard game, to help the St. Louis Rams compensate for Marc Bulger's shoulder injury in a 16-6 victory over the San Francisco 49ers yesterday. Jackson, the first running back taken in this year's draft, took advantage of Marshall Faulk's bruised left knee to get his ...
2	Martha Stewart to serve time at West Virginia prison Martha Stewart will do her time farther from home than she had hoped, at a remote West Virginia prison where inmates sleep in bunk beds and rise at 6 a.m. to do menial labor for pennies an hour.
3	European Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime By ROBERT WIELAARD    STRASBOURG, France (AP) -- Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet's popularity.    At a conference organized by the Council of Europe, delegates from Europe, the United States, Australia and China digested new data pointing to an increasing problem of global proportions: How can national law stop those who commit fraud, spread racism, steal credit card numbers or sell child pornography worldwide, nonstop and just about anonymously?    On top of that, while fraud and copyright infringements remain the lion's share of cybercrime, there is rising concern about terrorists going online to spread more than just propaganda...
2	Google stockowner for a day: a memoir If only the rest of my investments worked out this way. One week ago, I submitted a bid for Google Inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of the computer search company's initial public offering by nearly 30 percent. But I sold my shares shortly after Google stock began trading yesterday and still walked away with a nice profit, ...
1	AL Wrap: Schilling Helps Red Sox Keep Heat on Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Curt Schilling won his major league  leading 18th game and David Ortiz hit his 35th home run as the  Boston Red Sox edged the Texas Rangers 6-5 in American League  at Fenway Park Sunday.
0	Iraqi Government #39;s Peace Talks With Falluja Break Off The chief negotiator for the city of Falluja said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control 
3	Defer, refer if you have any doubts about updates Several weeks ago The News-Press featured an excellent article on what the Windows XP user should expect when Microsoft releases Windows XP Service Pack 2. So I #39;m pretty sure most Good Booters are aware if they #39;re in doubt as to whether or not to install 
3	Yahoo buys e-mail software firm Stata Stata Labs' e-mail client, Bloomba, won't be continued, but the move generated speculation that Yahoo may be gearing up to take on Google's Gmail webmail service.
0	Human Rights Reform Is Key to Turkey EU Membership The European Union will not open membership talks with Turkey unless the country passes a human-rights reform package, EU enlargement commissioner Guenter Verheugen said today, his strongest remarks on the issue so far.
3	Microsoft leaves UN industry group Microsoft has followed a European company in withdrawing from a UN software standards group for commerce. Known as the United Nations Center for Trade Facilitation and Electronic 
1	Tendulkar loss  #39;no excuse #39; Indian great Sunil Gavaskar says Sachin Tendulkar #39;s injury-enforced absence cannot excuse the side #39;s poor batting performances in England.
3	Creative Zen Micro 5GB music player &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; Mobile phone styling comes to the MP3 world
2	Sony bags MGM film biz for 4.8B The Japanese electronics giant struck an agreement to buy the fabled movie studio yesterday after rival Time Warner dropped out of the race.
0	Prince Charles Tries to Undo Memo's Damage (AP) AP - The tempest over Prince Charles' views on upward mobility was all a misunderstanding, the heir to the throne said Monday, insisting he had not said that people should "know their place"  #151; and by implication, trim their ambitions to match their social rank.
2	Fresh tax claims hit Yukos Shares in Yukos, the Russian oil group beset by difficulties, dropped sharply yesterday after reports that the authorities had launched fresh tax claims against it, totalling up to \$7 billion.
2	BHP Billiton launches A\$1.5 bn share buyback programme NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - BHP Billiton Limited (BHP.NYS), the world #39;s largest mining company, has announced its plans to return up to A\$1.
0	Call for global action on spam More international co-operation is needed if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told.
0	Corzine Announces Bid to Be N.J. Governor (AP) AP - Four years after spending more than  #36;60 million of his own money to get elected to the Senate, Democrat Jon S. Corzine announced Thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.
3	Consumers Trade in Home Phones for Mobile and Web Laura Bekke moved into her new Amsterdam flat last week and declined to have a fixed phone line installed. Merijn Groenhart, a 
3	Decatur resident becomes key figure in space shuttle travel Decatur resident Chris Singer was recently appointed co-deputy director of the Engineering Directorate at NASA #39;s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville.
2	GM Unit Opel to Cut 9,500 German Jobs  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors' &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; German unit  Adam Opel AG will cut around 9,500 jobs at its loss-making  operations, a source who attended a briefing by the carmaker's  management on Thursday said.
3	CA Opens Utility Pricing for Mainframes Keeping its promise to migrate toward more flexible pricing for its software, Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has unleashed Measured Workload Pricing for its mainframe management products.
2	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the\summer doldrums.
3	DoCoMo 3G phones add wireless VoIP JAPAN #39;S top mobile carrier has begun marketing a mobile phone for corporate customers that works over both the local wireless and cellular networks.
0	Freed UN hostages meet Afghan leader ahead of return home A group of three United Nations workers, freed after almost four weeks captivity in Afghanistan, have met President Hamid Karzai, in Kabul.
0	North Korea's claim about mysterious blast might be true: Seoul (AFP) AFP - Communist North Korea's claim that a huge and mysterious explosion was caused by a civil engineering project might be true, according to South Korea's intelligence agency.
2	Update 1: Cyberonics Rejects Advanced Neuro #39;s Bid Cyberonics Inc. rejected a takeover bid from fellow medical-device maker Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. on Wednesday, saying it continues to focus on strengthening its epilepsy business and is still not interested in any combination or merger.
0	Top grades rising again for GCSEs GCSE results have shown the biggest increase in top grades since 1999, with girls still out-performing boys.
0	Ont. set to increase minimum wage for second time in as many years (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The 400,000 people who work for minimum wage in Ontario should not be left solely at the mercy of governments to get a raise, said Labour Minister Chris Bentley.
3	Williams #39; CD to be sold on memory card Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest-hits album will soon be released in UK music stores, and some phone shops, pre-loaded on a memory card.
1	Davenport #39;s default title AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany yesterday after world No1 Amelie Mauresmo retired injured at the end of the first set.
3	Hollywood Studios Endorse Toshiba #39;s HD-DVD Standard Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. Studios will be using the new 30 GB DVD disc format, created by the DVD Forum, an international group of hardware and software companies and content providers.
2	Payless ShoeSource Swings to 3Q Profit Payless ShoeSource Inc., the nation #39;s largest shoe retailer, posted a third-quarter profit on Friday compared with year-ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.
1	Smith expected to be unveiled by Scotland The SFA have tried to play down speculation Smith (right) had been offered the job on Monday but his appointment would come as little surprise.
0	Alcatel Swings to Profit (AP) AP - French telecommunications equipment maker Alcatel SA swung to a profit in the third quarter, helped by cost-cutting and a rebound in the mobile communications industry, the company said Thursday.
2	Tokyo Stocks Open Up on Banks, Exporters  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened up 0.54  percent on Monday with banks and exporters leading the way as a  stronger finish on Wall Street and declining oil prices soothed  worries over the global economic outlook.
2	(Recasts first paragraph, adds transaction details, CEO interview, stock price and byline) NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Mills Corp. (MLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , adeveloper of theme shopping and entertainment malls, on Tuesday said it would pay a General Motors unit about \$1.033 billion to buy a 50 percent managing stake ...
2	Bush turns eye to tax-law overhaul Buoyed by a clear-cut election victory, President George W. Bush pledges to make permanent the sweeping tax cuts of his first term and to simplify the nation #39;s tax laws.
1	Angels Win 1st Division Title in 18 Years (AP) AP - Sometime during the last several weeks, pitcher Jarrod Washburn began to sense a change in the mood surrounding the Anaheim Angels. Losing was no longer an option.
3	Scientists discover two new extra-solar planets Astronomers scouring nearby stars have found two planets that mirror Neptune in size, making them by far the smallest found outside the solar system.
0	UN chief condemns attacks in Afghanistan UN Secretary-General condemned on Sunday the attacks in a western Afghanistan province which may jeopardize the already worrisome security in the war-torn country before its scheduled general elections next month.
3	Oracle warns of exploits for latest DB flaws Oracle Corp. urged customers to apply software patches it released in August because of the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
1	Old rivals hit a new low THE SIGHT OF Martin ONeill parading Neil Lennon in front of the Celtic end at Ibrox, like some sort of prizefighter, sealed the verdict.
3	Watch China #39;s first SMS novel as a film on your mobile SINGAPORE: China #39;s first ever novel transmitted to readers through SMS is all set to be made into a film. According to The Straits Times , the film will also be transmitted to audiences in 30 to 40 segments 
3	IBM supercomputer top-ranked blade machine Barcelona's MareNostrum isn't the fastest supercomputer on Earth, but 20 teraflops with regular blade servers is nothing to sneer at.
1	Strong performance by Liu improves NBA hopes BEIJING: Chinas basketball hopeful Liu Wei improved his chances of becoming the first Asian point guard to make the NBA after putting in a spirited performance with the Sacramento Kings in the defeat by the Yao Ming-led Houston Rockets.
1	Memphis gets a battle from Gaels New York -- Midway through the second half Thursday night against St. Mary #39;s, John Calipari, the coach of 24th-ranked Memphis, turned to an assistant and said,  quot;These guys won #39;t go away.
2	Nucleus Software buys 25.1 in GMAC Nucleus Software Exports Ltd today announced the purchase by the company and its nominees of 10,040,000 equity shares of Chennai-based GMAC Financial Services India Ltd, the Indian automotive finance operation of General Motors Acceptance Corporation.
0	Storm Death Toll Rises to 622 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from a tropical storm that devastated parts of Haiti rose to 622 late Monday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, officials said.    The bodies of at least 500 people killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne were filling morgues in Gonaives, according to Toussaint Kongo-Doudou, a spokesman for the U.N...
2	Oil Edges Higher, Watches Weather  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices ticked higher on Tuesday,  holding above \$42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any  renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating  fuels in the United States.
3	Microsoft #39;s Windows Update Services Looms On The Horizon Patch management is a particularly expensive burden for Microsoft Windows-based systems. While solution providers have profited from the services associated with installing patches, many businesses are starting 
1	Lille upset in UEFA Cup group stage Feyenoord, Stuttgart and Rangers registered comfortable wins Thursday in the group stage of the UEFA Cup, while French side Lille was upset 1-0 by a German second division club.
1	C #39;s have nothing extra: Comeback wasted in OT loss to Wiz The Celtics found themselves in an overtime duel here last night. Unfortunately for the Green, they played the extra inning like the Yankees.
3	NASA #39;s longest-serving astronaut retiring His first space flight was in 1965 when he piloted the first manned Gemini mission. Later he made two trips to the moon -- orbiting during a 1969 flight and then walking on the lunar surface during a mission in 1972.
3	Crews Fail to Find Tree-Killing Beetle (AP) AP - Survey crews searching through woods and neighborhoods in northeast Indiana have not found any new signs of the beetle blamed for killing millions of ash trees in Michigan and Ohio, a state official said.
2	The Seed of Apple #39;s Innovation In an era when most technology outfits have tightened their belts to adapt to a slower-growing market, one company stands out for forging ahead on innovation: Apple Computer (AAPL ). Others have slashed R amp;D 
0	Profile: Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, once one of the world #39;s most powerful criminals, has been extradited to the US to face drug smuggling and money-laundering charges.
0	I don #39;t deserve to die: Briton #39;s plea to Blair Britain yesterday ruled out negotiating with the abductors of a Briton in Iraq, despite a desperate plea for help from the hostage.
1	US overcomes inconsistent play by following simple qualifying &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Qualifying for the World Cup isn #39;t all that complicated. Get three points from every home game and one from every road match and you #39;ll make it every time.
3	Closures 'could benefit chemistry' The UK might be "better off" with fewer - but larger and better-funded - chemistry departments, a leading academic says.
2	Starbucks Posts Robust August Sales Starbucks #39; (SBUX:Nasdaq - news - research) sales slowed a bit in August, but still came in above the coffee shop chain #39;s long-term targets.
3	Microsoft to begin music download service in Japan Microsoft Corp will begin its music download service in Japan with an initial offering of 50,000 songs, a spokeswoman for the US software giant #39;s online service unit said on Wednesday.
1	2 shooters said to be untrained By Donovan Slack and Shelley Murphy, Globe Staff  October 27, 2004. Two officers who fired pepper-pellet guns near where a 21-year-old college student was fatally shot last week were not trained to use the 
2	Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  by an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September as low mortgage  rates fueled home buying, a trade association said on Monday.
0	Golf: Singh revels in top spot Vijay Singh is delighted at becoming the new world number one after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship.
0	Sudan rejects Darfur  #39;genocide #39; label Sudan has rejected a declaration by the US that the alleged atrocities in the country #39;s troubled Darfur region was genocide.  quot;This is just another sort of pressure brought against the government of Sudan by 
2	Lampert Keeps Low Profile As Kmart Chair (AP) AP - For the last year and a half, industry observers have speculated about Kmart Holding Corp. chairman Edward Lampert's plans since the troubled retailer emerged from bankruptcy. On Wednesday, they found out.
0	Iraqi Sadr Militia Maintain Control of Najaf Shrine, BBC Says Supporters of Iraqi Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr remain in control of the Imam Ali mosque in the southern city of Najaf after 16 days of fighting with US-led forces, the British Broadcasting Corp.
1	James Scores 27 Points in Cavaliers' Win (AP) AP - Drew Gooden scored 27 points and LeBron James had 27, his final field goal coming on a monstrous dunk that sent the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 105-97 win Saturday night over the feuding Toronto Raptors, who didn't have Vince Carter.
0	Mob sets train ablaze in Bangladesh protests DHAKA, BANGLADESH -- An angry mob set fire to a passenger train and protesters clashed with police across Bangladesh yesterday, leaving dozens of people injured, as violence spread a day after a grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and 
1	Mussina outduels Pedro as Yanks roll It was about taking care of business, or maybe it was about the Boston Red Sox not -gain. The Yankees didnt play their best game, but because the Red 
2	Delta exchange offer expires, volume lower than goal Delta Air Lines Inc. announced Wednesday that its offer to exchange unsecured notes for secured bonds fell short of a company goal, but that enough investors had tendered their short-term securities for a debt exchange to occur.
1	Braves look to tie up series Mike Hampton has never won a Division Series game, but he needs to pitch at a top level today to help the Atlanta Braves pull even in their first-round set against the Houston Astros.
0	Under-fire UN chief deserves fair treatment: newspaper United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Kofi Annan has become the target of escalating attacks in the United States over suspected corruption in the body #39;s now-defunct oil-for-food humanitarian programme for Iraq.
0	Norway FM takes peace message to Tamil Tigers (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's President Chandrika Kumaratunga offered to revive stalled peace talks with the Tamil Tigers in a message conveyed to rebels by Norway's Foreign Minister Jan Petersen, her office said.
2	UPDATE 1-GE sells India back office unit stake for \$500 mln General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering Indian business process outsourcing unit for \$500 million, making 
1	Federal investigators continue looking for cause of Hendrick plane &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PATRICK SPRINGS, Va. Airport officials in Virginia say pilots of at least 20 other planes decided it was too dangerous to land at the airport near where a Hendrick Motorsports plane went down.
3	Paychex Inc. Founder Golisano Steps Down (AP) AP - B. Thomas Golisano, the billionaire founder of Paychex Inc., said Monday he has hired a former IBM Corp. executive, Jonathan Judge, to replace him as president and chief executive of the payroll-processing company.
3	Pilotless Jet Will Attempt Speed Record NASA plans to try to set a world speed record for jets with the flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades-long research program into hypersonic flight.
2	Nikkei Dips Techs, Steel Makers Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent\by midday on Thursday with losses in shipping firms, steel\makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in\selective small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings\outlooks.
2	Central bank keeps quiet about its euro options FRANKFURT Will the European Central Bank intervene in the world #39;s currency markets to put a lid on the euro? It has become a tantalizing prospect for many Europeans, who are nervous about the economic impact 
2	Court OKs deal for Stelco-GM contract, but union agreement needed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Troubled steelmaker Stelco Inc. and General Motors reached a deal Tuesday to secure the automaker as a customer next year, if the restructuring steelmaker can reach a key labour deal and prove to GM its restructuring is on track.
2	U.S. Supreme Court Terms Begins  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court opened its  new term on Monday, with two hours of arguments on federal  sentencing rules and the rejection of some 1,800 appeals,  including a challenge by telemarketers to the government's  popular do-not-call list.
2	Crude Oil Retreats From \$53 Threshold Oil retreated in Asian trade today, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America's winter heating season.
2	Harvard pays 2 top money managers \$25m Harvard University #39;s endowment paid its two top investment managers about \$25 million each last year, less than the pair earned a year ago, but still enough 
3	SpaceShipOne: A giant leap for high-tech vets? update MOJAVE, Calif.--A venture backed by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen got a jump Wednesday on rivals eyeing a \$10 million prize for the first privately funded junkets into space and back.
2	British Economic Growth Slows British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004 due to poor performance in the industrial sector. Preliminary figures from the Office for National Statistics showed that gross domestic 
1	India strikes first blow Zaheer Khan struck the first blow, removing Australia opener Matthew Hayden India in the third Test test in Nagpur. Hayden and Justin Langer put up a strong partnership, taking the score to 67 when a superb 
3	NASA spacecraft design pioneer Faget dies HOUSTON -- Maxime A. Faget, a pioneering NASA engineer who designed the original spacecraft for Project Mercury and whose work helped create every human spacecraft the agency has launched since, has died.
0	 #39;Several dead #39; and 150 injured as train derails AT LEAST one person was killed and as many as 150 were injured last night, 30 seriously, when a high-speed train travelling from London to the West Country was derailed after colliding with a car at an unmanned level crossing.
0	Three British soldiers killed in Iraq TONY EASTLEY: To Iraq now, where three British soldiers have been killed and a number of others injured in an ambush by insurgents.
3	Google Buys Digital Mapping Company (AP) AP - Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
3	Phishing Attacks May No Longer Require Lure typically e-mailed as enticements to bogus sites that endanger users #39; systems and expose their personal information -- is limited in scope 
2	Ad Groups Omnicom, WPP See Strong Earns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Global advertising titans Omnicom  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; and WPP &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPPGY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPPGY.O&lt;/A&gt;on Tuesday reported  third-quarter results that outpaced analyst expectations,  sending shares higher on improved confidence in the ad  industry.
1	McKenzie: I #39;ve got a news flash for both sides We #39;ve heard from the NHL and the NHLPA, so now let #39;s get a broader perspective. What we are going to see in the next little while is an increase in the rhetoric, which will get cranked up to an unbelieveable level.
3	With Help, Sea Turtles Rally to Escape Oblivion Olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback, largely because of Mexican conservation efforts.
2	GM Europe Aims to Avoid Forced Layoffs General Motors aims to restructure its loss-making European operations without resorting to involuntary redundancies or shuttering any 
0	Israelis Fear Fallout from Pentagon Spy Probe  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's image in the United States  may be tarnished and relations with its main ally suffer even  if suspicions a Pentagon analyst gave secrets to the Jewish  state prove false, Israeli officials said Sunday.
3	Dragging the Net for Cyber Criminals In an attempt to stem the growing tide of online scams, identity theft and the proliferation of junk e-mail, the Justice Department and state law enforcement officials have initiated what 
3	Virgin Electronics unveils music player AP - The consumer electronics arm of the Virgin Group is introducing a new five-gigabyte hard-disk portable music player, bringing a powerful brand name in music to the increasingly crowded product space.
0	Megawati Urges Acceptance of Indonesian Election Results Outgoing Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri has asked her countrymen to accept the results of last month #39;s presidential election.
3	Brother Introduces 4 New Multifunction Printers Under US\$200 Brother has introduced four new multifunction printers, all under US\$200. There are two sheet-feeder models, the MFC-3240c and MFC-3340cn, and two flatbed models, the MFC-5440cn and MFC-5840cn.
0	U.S. Airstrike Targets Militants in Falluja  By Fadel al-Badrani  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a new  airstrike in the rebel-held city of Falluja on Saturday aimed  at killing supporters of a Jordanian militant who has led a  campaign of suicide bombings and kidnappings in Iraq.
0	Pakistan cuffs Al-Qaida-linked terrorists ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Military forces arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists plotting to launch suicide attacks on the US Embassy and Pakistani leaders, the government said yesterday.
0	Guantanamo Bay Detainee Skips Hearing (AP) AP - A prisoner who allegedly spent two months traveling with al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and helped run a safehouse for the terrorist network refused Friday to attend a hearing on his legal status in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
1	Melvin pays for Mariners #39; 63-99 finish The Seattle Mariners fired manager Bob Melvin on Monday, one day after the team finished a 63-99 season.  quot;There #39;s plenty of blame to go around, from my position to his to the scouts to the players themselves, quot; general manager Bill Bavasi said.
2	BiogenIdec, Elan Up on Drug Data Shares in BiogenIdec (BIIB:Nasdaq - news - research) and Elan (ELN:NYSE - news - research)rose early Monday after the companies released what they described as  quot;compelling quot; phase III test results for their multiple sclerosis drug Antegren.
0	UN calls bird flu  #39;world crisis #39; Two UN agencies have warned that bird flu is set to remain a serious threat to animal and human life worldwide in the near future.
2	 quot;Twelve Days of Christmas quot; True Love Gifts Have you ever considered giving your  quot;true love quot; everything offered in the traditional timeless song, Twelve Days of Christmas?
2	Rogers Wireless to buy Canadian rival Microcell NEW YORK -- Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. said yesterday it has agreed to acquire rival Canadian cellphone carrier Microcell Telecommunications Inc. , which had been fending off a hostile suitor.
1	White Sox deal C. Lee to Brewers for Podsednik, Vizcaino ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Hoping to add more power to their lineup, the Milwaukee Brewers acquired outfielder Carlos Lee from the Chicago White Sox for center fielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be names later on Monday.
2	Lennar Profit Up 12 Pct, Shares Fall Home builder Lennar Corp. (LEN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 12 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its forecasts for the current and following year, citing a stable economy.
0	Death toll at Poso explosion rises to five JAKARTA (Agencies): The death toll at Saturday #39;s explosion near a police station in Central Sulawesi rose to five people, police said.
1	Matthew Zemek / CollegeFootballNews.com Posted: 2 minutes ago One has to wonder: with 1:37 left in regulation and Miami getting its hands on the ball one last time, did the Orange Bowl crowd - let alone America - think the Hurricanes were still going to beat Florida State again?
1	Barwick handed post as FA chief executive Brian Barwick last night accepted the chief executive #39;s position at the Football Association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day.
0	Popular discontent stirs political awakening in Hong Kong It #39;s often been said that Hong Kong people are interested in money, not politics, but upcoming legislative elections may bury that notion for good as angry residents turn out to send their leaders a message.
2	AIG to Pay \$126 Mln to Settle SEC Charges  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to pay \$126 million to settle charges it helped  companies fraudulently inflate earnings, the U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday.
1	Eli takes giant step to starter When Archie Manning heard his 23-year-old son would be starting against the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday, he remembered what his other quarterback son told him after his first NFL start.
2	Philips Leads Europe Shares Up; ARM Down (Reuters) Reuters - Philips Electronics, a rally on Wall\Street, and tamer oil prices lifted European shares on Monday,\but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by\the holidays.
1	Lockyer #39;s men give Britain food for thought The Gillette Tri-Nations could not have made a much better start to its English section with all 16,750 tickets sold for Saturday #39;s entertaining clash at Loftus Road and the promise that Great 
1	Racing: Formula One in turmoil as Ford pulls out LONDON : Formula One was thrown into turmoil after US auto giant Ford announced that it was pulling out of the sport from the end of this season.
1	Clemens Helps Astros Take 1-0 Series Lead Over Braves Roger Clemens pitched seven innings and Carlos Beltran homered, had three hits and scored three runs to help the Houston Astros rout the Atlanta Braves 9-3 in the opening game of their National League Divisional Series Wednesday.
3	Taking Regular Pills May Thwart Yeast Infections By JANET McCONNAUGHEY    (AP) -- Women who get lots of painful yeast infections can safely ward them off with a weekly pill, the largest study on the subject has found. Regular, preventive doses of an antifungal drug for six months dramatically cut the number of episodes...
2	Portals, news sites, must improve customer satisfaction As far as keeping their customers satisfied, Web portals, search engines, and news and information sites in the U.S. continue to improve but still have work to do, according to a report released Tuesday.
0	Police Surprised So Many Survive British Rail Crash  LONDON (Reuters) - British police voiced astonishment on  Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a  300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing,  killing six people.
3	Atlantis Hunt Reveals Structures in Sea Off Cyprus (Reuters) Reuters - An American researcher on the trail of\the lost city of Atlantis has discovered evidence of man-made\structures submerged in the sea between Cyprus and Syria, a\member of his team said Saturday.
2	Sanofi Says Diet Drug Works  NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental diet drug helped  people lose nearly four times as much weight as a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday.
1	Bid Books Land in Lausanne as Cities Sweat It Out  LONDON (Reuters) - Five cities vying to stage the 2012  Summer Games reveal their hands this week as Olympic chiefs  scrutinize their plans for holding the world's greatest  sporting extravaganza.
1	Pierce, Rochus post wins Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another grand slam tennis title was dashed when the Wimbledon champion lost to Mary Pierce 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the third round of the US Open on Saturday.
1	Mauresmo struggles but wins 2nd straight Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo of France shook off a slow start yesterday to beat Russian Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to successfully defend her Advanta Championship title for her fifth tournament victory of the season.
3	Microsoft, Intel promote Digital Joy campaign INTEL AND MICROSOFT are to hold a joint advertising and marketing campaign aimed at plumping a PC at the centre of a converged digital home.
3	Sun shuffles sales execs Executive vice president of sales becomes Sun's executive vice president for strategic development and Sun financing.\
0	Russian Television Shows School Footage (AP) AP - A Russian television network showed footage from inside the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
2	Sales Season Starts with Modest Expectations Description: Shoppers and retailers are in the thick of the buying season. But at stores in the Washington, DC, area, retailers are keeping their expectations realistic.
3	Yahoo buys email start up SEARCH outfit Yahoo! has splashed out on an email software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
2	Bombardier Shares Dive as CEO Quits  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down as president  and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  on Monday,  surprising investors and sending the train and plane maker's  shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.
0	Britain, Ireland Launch Bid to Close N.Irish Deal  BELFAST (Reuters) - Britain and Ireland resumed their  efforts to close a deal on restoring home rule in Northern  Ireland on Tuesday with expressions of optimism but no  immediate signs of a breakthrough.
0	EU tries to hold Iran to nuclear weapons deal The European Union was last night attempting to salvage a hard-fought deal with Iran after Tehran insisted on exemptions to its agreed suspension of activities that could produce a nuclear weapon.
1	Angels climb into tie for first Vladimir Guerrero says he #39;s not trying to win a MVP award, that he #39;s merely trying to drive the Angels to the postseason. But it #39;s uncanny how in striving for one goal, sometimes another appears on the horizon.
0	U.S. Launches Fresh Assault on Sadr Forces in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf  on Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque at  the center of a two-week siege ran into difficulties.
0	Israeli Army Raid Into Gaza Kills 6 Palestinians  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks and troops raided southern  Gaza on Friday in response to increasing Palestinian mortar  attacks, killing at least six Palestinians and prompting  hundreds to flee their homes, witnesses and medics said.
0	Ganguly urges teammates to worry about matches, not records (AFP) AFP - Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly has asked his team to concentrate on the game rather than look for personal records during a two-Test series against Bangladesh.
2	Orbitz: Travelzoo's Line in the Sand A smart investor pays \$1.25 billion for Orbitz. So what's Travelzoo worth?
1	Four Huskies suspended for unsanctioned summer play Four Washington players will miss the season opener against Seattle Pacific after being suspended for playing in unsanctioned summer games -- a secondary NCAA rules violation.
0	EU Leaders Poised to Offer Entry Talks to Turkey  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU leaders were poised on Thursday to  set a date to start accession talks with Turkey, as Turkish  Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan arrived in Brussels in an  optimistic mood for a spate of last-minute diplomacy.
0	Strong Quake Jolts Manila, No Major Damage Reported  MANILA (Reuters) - A strong earthquake jolted Manila and  other parts of the northern Philippines on Friday night,  prompting many to rush into the streets, but officials said  there were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage.
0	Iraq: At least 10 dead in car bombing attack A suicide car bomber attacked Wednesday an Iraqi military camp northwest of Baghdad, killing 10 Iraqis and injuring more than 20, Iraqi officials said.
3	Authentication Is Not an Anti-Spam System Opinion: Already we #39;re hearing it, that spammers are beating SPF and the other authentication systems. But the truth has always been that authentication is only a tool for anti-spam systems to use.
2	Likely retail  #39;third force #39; to chew over THERE #39;S a sense of deja vu about the Metcash takeover offer for Western Australia-based Foodland Associated, because if Andrew Reitzer and his management team can pull it off it may finally create a competitive national  quot;third force quot; in retailing to take 
3	CA bundles storage apps Officials at Computer Associates International Inc. are trying to upgrade their image in the storage market with a bundled solution that contains many applications that were previously available individually 
0	'Revenge' killing in S Thailand \A second Buddhist man is beheaded in Thailand's south in apparent revenge for the deaths of Muslim protesters.
0	Russia's Putin Defends Political Reforms  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on  Thursday he had no plans to grab more power or change the  constitution when reforming Russia's government structure,  dismissing fears in the West he is watering down democracy.
3	10,000 Mozilla Donors Get A Very Public Thanks It #39;s a thing of beauty: a two-page  quot;advocacy ad quot; in The New York Times featuring, among other things like quotes from satisfied Firefox users, all 10,000 names of those who donated to The Mozilla Foundation so that it could take a NYT ad that it hopes 
2	Should Your Next Car Be New or Used? Used cars have a lot to offer -- if you know what you're doing.
2	Update 1: Drug Stocks Slide for Week Drug makers failed to bounce back from a Thursday slide, with many drug stocks closing down Friday as drug giant Pfizer Inc. and generic drug challenger Alpharma Inc.
2	Oil, Profit Reports to Weigh on Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - A new reporting period for company\earnings kicks into gear next week, giving investors a bit of\hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the\price of crude oil stays north of  #36;50 a barrel.
1	Bonds #39; 700th home run ball fetches 800 grand but legal battle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The man who emerged from a pile of baseball fans clutching Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball last month is now richer by \$804,129.
1	Eagles clinch fourth straight division title CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Unlike every other team in the NFL, the Philadelphia Eagles are secure in the knowledge they are heading to the playoffs.
1	Gutierrez named Michigan #39;s starting QB While it seemed likely during the preseason that Gutierrez would win the job, coach Lloyd Carr insisted two other quarterbacks - Clayton Richard and Chad Henne - had a shot.
1	Bryant, O #39;Neal Rivalry Focus of New NBA Season The headline-grabbing rivalry between Shaquille O #39;Neal and Kobe Bryant is likely to dominate the opening weeks of the NBA season that begins on Tuesday.
3	Sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players Some outlets are reporting that Sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.
0	Iraq ; Black Watch look to Christmas Soldiers declared  quot;mission accomplished quot; as the battle group convoy of more than 200 vehicles arrived at the relative safety of Shaibah Logistics Base.
3	Linksys goes dual-band on Wi-Fi With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems' Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
2	Natural gas modestly lower after weekly US data SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude-oil futures fell under \$52 for the first time in more than two weeks Thursday, reflecting concerns that China #39;s first interest-rate hike in nine years will ease energy demand.
3	Going to the Moon, Sponsored by M #38;M's Marketing is a big part of the private space race - and, its boosters say, an essential one.
3	Half-Life 2: Release am 16. November Wie Publisher Vivendi Universal gestern Abend in einem offiziellen Presserundbrief mitteilt, hat der hei erwartete Action-Blockbuster Half-Life 2 endlich den Goldstatus erreicht.
2	Blue Chips Rise; J J Up, Goldman Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips moved higher  on  Thursday, getting a lift from Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;  following its acquisition of medical device maker Guidant Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but broader market gains were capped after investment  bank Goldman Sachs posted disappointing quarterly revenues.
2	2 Fund Managers to Pay \$80 Million Settlements The \$80 million penalties against the founders of Pilgrim Baxter are the largest imposed on individuals since investigations began last fall into improper trading at some mutual fund companies.
1	Giants look to take lead in NL West The San Francisco Giants need Jason Schmidt to bounce back from his recent struggles as they try to catch the slumping Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West and hold off the Chicago Cubs in the wild-card race.
1	Canada's Cup Victory May End Up Half Empty In what might have been the last high-level hockey game for a long time in North America, Canada won the World Cup of Hockey.
3	The Shipping News? Time's Almost Up   The e-mail offers are coming fast and furious.&lt;br&gt; "There's still time," screamed one that arrived in my inbox Tuesday, promising 20 percent off any item or free shipping at Art.com. I had only to enter "Santa" or "free shipping" in a special box at checkout -- and order by Dec. 16.
0	Jordan #39;s king leaves for France and Italy Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II left here Monday on a two-day working visit to France and Italy, Jordanian TV reported. The king will hold talks with French President Jacques Chirac 
3	Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
0	Broken JI spawns even more deadly menace THEY are the men who keep counter-terrorism experts awake at night, only too aware that a strike is being plotted even as you read this report.
2	Export Support for German Recovery Slips (AP) AP - German exports fell slightly in August, the government's statistics agency said Friday, in a sign that the strong support from exports for the country's budding recovery is beginning to ease.
0	EU envoy heads for Darfur talks Javier Solana travels to Africa for talks on Darfur amid hints that the EU will give \$126m for a peacekeeping mission.
2	PolyFuel Announces Breakthrough Technology Advance For Automotive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF - October 5, 2004 -olyFuel, a world leader in engineered membranes for fuel cells, announced today a breakthrough in technology that could ultimately make hydrogen fuel cell-powered automobiles a commercial reality.
1	NOTEBOOK: Bye week very timely for banged-up Lions Had they beaten Philadelphia, the Lions might feel different about taking a week off this early in the season. Had they gone into October with a 3-0 record, they would have been eager to keep the roll going.
1	In Frustration, Brown Breaks His Hand in Loss Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown channeled every bit of his anger into one hard punch into the clubhouse wall during the Yankees' loss on Friday at Yankee Stadium.
3	Homework Problems? Help Is a Click Away. If you are like many parents, there's a good chance you can't remember the last time you solved for X, were never really confident about the rules for when to use a comma, and find that the hourly rate for private tutors can be a bit daunting.
2	Union urges OK of accord Delta Air Lines can shift more flying to regional jets but also will have to give furloughed pilots first crack at any new jobs that result, under the tentative agreement union members begin voting on Monday.
1	For the U.S., a Big Deficit and Little Time to Come Back Europe will enter the 12 singles matches holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
0	Genesis Space Capsule Crashes Into Desert DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah - The Genesis space capsule, which had orbited the sun for more than three years in an attempt to find clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth on Wednesday after its parachute failed to deploy.    It wasn't immediately known whether cosmic samples it was carrying back as part of a six-year, \$260 million project had been destroyed...
3	Cassini Orbiter Gets Closeup Shots Oct. 27 - Scientists are getting a closer look at one of the most mysterious moons in space, Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan. The Cassini orbiter flew within 750 miles of the cloud covered moon Tuesday.
1	Rick Say wins silver medal behind Phelps at short course world &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; INDIANAPOLIS (CP) - Rick Say of Victoria ensured there would be no Canadian medal drought at the world short course championships, picking up a silver medal in the men #39;s 200-metre freestyle Thursday night.
2	Services Help Social Networks Get Connected Two new Web services launched last week that aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. On Thursday, the event-planning service Evite (www.
2	China Pledges Stable Economic, Yuan Policies (Update1) China #39;s government said it would continue measures to slow economic growth and reaffirmed its commitment to a stable yuan policy as the nation #39;s leaders wrapped up their annual meeting in Beijing.
0	IRAQ U.S. Air Strike Kills Two in Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planes bombed the Iraqi city of\Falluja overnight, killing two people, in a new strike on\rebels digging in for an expected U.S.-led offensive.
3	Qwest adds VoIP to 10 markets Qwest Communications International has added its OneFlex VoIP services for small, medium, and enterprise businesses to 10 additional markets.
3	St. Helens climbers ordered to lie low The risk of a volcanic explosion or related landslide on Mount St. Helens has prompted the mountain #39;s managers to keep climbers off the 8,363-foot peak and close some hiking trails while scientists assess the danger.
3	NASA Mars Rovers Find More Signs of Water (Reuters) Reuters - The Mars rovers have found fresh\evidence that water was plentiful in both the hills and plains\of the now-barren Red Planet, scientists at NASA Jet Propulsion\Laboratory said on Thursday.
3	During the Holiday Shopping Season, Beware of Identity Theft I resisted shopping online for the longest time. I feared my credit card number would be stolen and that I would spend a few years of my life trying to explain that I did not buy a Hummer with my Visa card.
3	IBM brings high-end storage functions to midrange (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - IBM on Tuesday announced two new storage products  #8211; upper midrange and high-end disk arrays designed for ease of use and lower cost. The DS6000 and DS8000 feature higher physical storage capacities, a modular architecture, and additional visualization technology, all in systems considerably smaller than previous versions.
2	German Stocks Gain, Paced by TUI, E.ON; Deutsche Boerse Slumps German stocks rose, led by TUI AG after the tour operator #39;s German low-cost airline unit said it plans to boost the number of passengers on its flights by about 40 percent next year amid higher demand.
1	Glazer forces out Man Utd directors Three directors of Manchester United have been ousted from the board after US tycoon Malcolm Glazer, who is attempting to buy the club, voted against their re-election.
3	Introducing Two New Jam Packs Apple introduces two new Jam Packs for its GarageBand music creation software, giving musicians and aspiring musicians more Apple Loops and software instruments to create music. Jam Pack 2: Remix Tools makes it easy to produce compelling dance, hip-hop and electronica tracks, while Jam Pack 3: Rhythm Section offers songwriters a complete backing band for their rock, alternative and country music. Sep 29
1	Bet on Tiger Woods  he is brilliant It was an impressive home victory, even though the tournament, which Woods hosts, doesn #39;t count as an official victory. After the triumph at the Target World Challenge at Thousand Oaks in California, Tiger 
1	Winless Cardinals Winning Turnover Game (AP) AP - The Arizona Cardinals are winless in three games, but they are among the league leaders in one category  #151; taking the ball away from the opponent.
0	Hassan #39;s Family, Officials, Respond To Apparent Killing The husband of Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan has asked Islamic militants to return his wife #39;s body to him so that she can, in his words, rest in peace.
2	Techs Lead Tokyo Stocks Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average added 0.8 percent  by midday on Thursday as tech issues got a lift from a rally on  the Nasdaq, but gains were capped and trading choppy as high  oil prices fueled concerns about the world economy.
1	Packers humiliated by Titans GREEN BAY, Wis. - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards as the Tennessee Titans beat the stumbling Green Bay Packers 48-27 on Monday night.
0	N. Korea retreats on talks SEOUL -- North Korea suggested yesterday that it would not participate in further six-party negotiations over its nuclear program because of recent revelations that scientists in South Korea had illegally experimented with producing fissile material for nuclear weapons.
0	Tough Campaign Ahead for Bush #39;s Australian Ally Ending months of speculation, Australian Prime Minister John Howard has called an election for October 9, when he will become the first of the three 
2	Trade 'can resolve Kashmir issue' India's foreign minister says improved trade ties with Pakistan could spur on the peace process.
3	Digital Home Edges Nearer The much-discussed convergence of computers and home entertainment took a big step toward fruition with an October 12 announcement by Microsoft Corporation.
0	Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35 (Reuters) Reuters - A series of bomb blasts killed\nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in\the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main\separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.
1	Wisconsin Back Davis Cleared to Play (AP) AP - Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin's last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
1	Buffalo's Gamble Pays Buffalo's decision to draft running back Willis McGahee in the first round of the 2003 draft is finally paying dividends.
2	Druyun draws stiffer sentence for role in Boeing tanker scandal Darleen Druyun, the Air Force negotiator who used the 767 tanker program to help land a job at Boeing, was sentenced to nine months in federal prison today after admitting that she had intentionally 
0	Security Council The Russian president had been speaking of the need to maintain the effectiveness of the UN #39;s top council, the Indian government said.
0	Train may connect Gaza to Ashdod The government is considering linking the Gaza Strip to the Israeli railroad system as part of the disengagement plan, Itamar Yaar, deputy head of the National Security Council, said on Tuesday.
2	Stem Cell Companies Fall Amid Biotech Rise While most biotechnology stocks rose Wednesday, shares of major stem cell researchers fell sharply as George W. Bush #39;s victory in the presidential election was confirmed.
3	Copernic Desktop Search Takes Aim at Microsoft Privately held Copernic Technologies on Tuesday released free desktop search software ahead of expected offerings from Microsoft Corp.
3	Royal and Sun Alliance to move 1,100 jobs to India (AFP) AFP - Insurer Royal and Sun Alliance became the latest high-profile British firm to announce a mass transfer of jobs to India, saying it plans to move 1,100 positions there by 2006, saving the group 10 million pounds annually (14.5 million euros, 18.0 million dollars).
2	Blockbuster bids for Hollywood A saga involving a campaign to turn Hollywood Video #39;s Wilsonville-based parent company private turned into a cliffhanger on Thursday when rival Blockbuster Inc.
3	IBM Preps High-End Power5 Servers IBM next month will begin shipping high-end servers in their pSeries and iSeries lines running on its Power5 processor. The Armonk, NY, company will launch the 32-way p590, the 64-way p595 and the 64-way i595, IBM officials will announce Friday.
2	Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Toyota Gains on Bush #39;s Win; Airlines Drop Japanese stocks rose after US President George W. Bush won a second term, boosting optimism that the world #39;s largest economy will sustain its growth.
3	If NASA had a hammer . . . it would smash comets You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s Deep Impact mission 
1	The pits? Potty-talk points off! DALE EARNHARDT JR. got it more right than he thought: His recent  quot;slip of the tongue, quot; as many have taken to calling it,  quot;don #39;t mean expletive deleted quot; in the grand scheme.
1	Show must go on without Grossman LAKE FOREST - In the early stages of the season Rex Grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker, but it also became his downfall.
1	Plenty of highlights on this trip Nowhere does the rivalry between the Evil Empire and Red Sox Nation crackle more intensely than here, on the  quot;campus quot; of ESPN, built smack on the not-so-well-defined emotional boundary between New York and Boston.
0	Removing Palestine  quot;The significance of our disengagement plan is the freezing of the peace process. It supplies the formaldehyde necessary so there is no political process with the Palestinians effectively 
2	Jardine Lloyd tumbles after warning, CEO resignation LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British insurer Jardine Lloyd Thompson (UK:JLT) saw its shares fall almost 16 percent after it warned it expects fiscal year pretax profit to fall below market estimates and its chief executive quit.
0	Israel/Occupied Territories: Excessive use of force Amnesty International is concerned about the deterioration of the human rights and humanitarian situation as a result of the Israeli army incursion in the Jabaliya refugee camp and surrounding areas in the northern Gaza Strip (including sectors in the 
2	Marriott earnings up 45 percent on growing demand for rooms COLLEGE PARK, Md. - Hotel operator Marriott International Inc. said its third-quarter earnings rose 45 percent as growing demand for rooms helped drive revenue up 9 percent.
0	British Ex-Guantanamo Detainees Sue Rumsfeld (Reuters) Reuters - Four British former inmates of the\U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay sued Defense Secretary\Donald Rumsfeld and others Wednesday saying they were tortured\in violation of U.S. and international law.
1	D.C. Bids Out Work District officials said they are soliciting bids for the estimated \$13 million renovation to get RFK Stadium ready for baseball.
1	Canadians Fret as Americans Forget About Lockout When NHL commissioner Gary Bettman announced on September 15 that the league had failed to reach a new Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) and would lock out the players it drove an icy spike through the hearts of hockey-mad Canadians.
0	Four injured in rocket attack on German base in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - A rocket attack on a German-run peacekeeping team in northeastern Afghanistan has left four people injured, one seriously, a spokesman for the multinational security force in the country said.
1	Former NHL Defenseman Paul Shmyr Dies (AP) AP - Paul Shmyr, the former NHL and WHA defenseman who captained the Edmonton Oilers in Wayne Gretzky's first season with the team, has died after a battle with throat cancer. He was 58.
2	Asian Shares Hit by Metals Tumble, Oil  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A sharp slide in global metals  markets hammered industrial and mining stocks such as JFE  Holdings and BHP Billiton Thursday, while oil prices crawled  back toward record highs.
1	Kite leads at Schwab Cup Championship SONOMA, California (Ticker) - Tom Kite kept alive his slim hopes for the Charles Schwab Cup. Kite fired an 8-under-par 64 at the Sonoma Golf Club to take the lead after Thursday #39;s opening round of the \$1 million Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
1	NBA ROUNDUP Recovering Hill Powers Magic Past Mavericks By The Associated Press. Grant Hill had 17 points and 9 rebounds, and Steve Francis nearly posted a triple-double in the Magic #39;s 94-84 victory over the Dallas Mavericks last night in Orlando, Fla.
1	Atlanta Track to Honor Hendrick The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
2	October Job Growth Stronger Than Expected Employers aggressively hired new workers in October, adding 337,000 people to payrolls after a sluggish summer, although the overall unemployment rate rose marginally, to 5.5 percent.
3	Gateway To Reenter Japanese PC Market Gateway has announced it will start sales on December 10 of own-brand high-performance personal computers in Japan through four consumer electronics volume retailers.
3	New Google Scholar search service aimed at academics It lets users search for scholarly literature such as peer-reviewed papers, theses, abstracts and technical reports from resources such as academic publishers, universities, professional societies and preprint repositories.
2	Wall Street stocks fall on Greenspan #39;s warning on trade deficit Wall Street stocks traded sharply lower Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan gave a warning over the nation #39;s spiraling trade deficit.
2	State Street Research acquired A historic name in mutual funds will soon vanish from Boston #39;s investing scene, with BlackRock Inc. #39;s agreement yesterday to acquire State Street Research  amp; Management 
1	Fan With Bonds' Ball Attended Same H.S. (AP) AP - The fan who retrieved Barry Bonds' 700th home run attended the same private Catholic high school as the slugger  #151; Serra High in nearby San Mateo.
1	Boxing: Williams insists he is better than Tyson display LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Williams wants to be remembered for more than just his shock victory over Mike Tyson and hopes to do so by completing a remarkable reversal of fortunes if he wins the world heavyweight title on Saturday.
2	Update 1: Higher Ticket Prices Spur Carnival Profit Carnival Corp.  amp; plc, the world #39;s largest cruise company, reported Friday that higher ticket prices and onboard sales propelled third-quarter earnings up 40 percent to its best three-month results ever.
0	Frist Urges Democrats to Stop Filibusters (AP) AP - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist on Thursday urged Democrats to stop blocking President Bush's federal court nominees and hinted that he may try to change Senate rules to thwart their delaying tactics.
3	Microsoft to sell Windows XP sta Microsoft has announced that it is planning to distribute the low cost stripped down version of Windows XP in Russia, sources say.
3	PluggedIn: Ultrawideband Heralds Zippier Wireless Connections  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
0	Iran Stresses Nuclear Freeze Is Voluntary, Brief  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran stressed on Monday its decision to  freeze sensitive nuclear work was a voluntary move to dispel  concerns it was secretly building atomic arms and would last  only for a short time.
0	Stocks to Open Lower on Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly lower at the open as investors stay on guard with oil pushing near the \$50-a-barrel level...
2	Gazprom Head Orders Creation of Gazpromneft Company Board chairman of the Russian natural gas monopoly Gazprom , Alexei Miller, has signed an order to found the Gazpromneft company, the RIA-Novosti news agency reports.
1	Barrerra vs Morales  quot;Mexican World War 3 quot; Tonight on HBO PPV, only one of the two brave warriors will emerge with the bragging rights as to which one is the superior Mexican fighter, The Baby Faced Assassin Marco Antonio Barrera or Erik El Terrible Morales?
2	US Airways' Woes Reflect Industry Issues Washington investors have just two more days to exorcise their investment in US Airways before shares of the Arlington airline are exiled to the land of the living dead.
3	Researchers: Florida Vote Fishy President Bush may have received up to 260,000 more votes than he should have in Florida counties that used touch-screen voting machines, according to an academic analysis. Researchers call on Florida to examine the results. By Kim Zetter.
2	Microsoft #39;s Announces Plans for Your Digital Living Room and 22 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft began the latest phase of its big push for consumers #39; digital lives by unveiling Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005 (MCE) and a host of products designed to work alongside it.
0	Russia Offers Reward for Rebel Information MOSCOW - Russia offered more than \$10 million for information that helps "neutralize" two well-known rebel leaders from breakaway Chechnya accused of planning the school hostage standoff that killed at least 326 people last week, news agencies reported Wednesday.    The reports of the reward came a day after Russians got a horrific glimpse of the drama from video footage filmed by the militants who captured the school in southern Russia...
3	Red Hat drafts Sun exec for desktop Linux push Java engineer Karen Tegan-Padir resigns to head up Red Hat's bid to get the open-source operating system on desktop systems.
2	Indian Telecom Adds Tyco Network Further strengthening India #39;s position in the global communications arena, Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited (Quote, Chart) will pay \$130 million for Tyco #39;s (Quote, Chart) undersea fiber-optic network, the companies announced today.
2	Gallagher's Mixed Bag The insurance brokerage reports good earnings, but a subpoena sinks its stock.
3	Clash of the Tech Titans The Internet's biggest players are preparing for all-out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future Net users. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Torre's Yankees have been at home in ALCS Historically, if you're a Yankee and you get to this time of year, good things happen. Especially when your manager is Joe Torre.
3	Microsoft offers XP counterfeit  #39;amnesty #39; in hopes of chasing down &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft has announced a one month  quot;amnesty quot; of sorts for possessors of possible counterfeit copies of the Windows XP operating system.
1	No Easy Return for Trinidad Ricardo Mayorga swung so hard at Cory Spinks throughout their fight last December that once, when a wild shot missed its mark, Mayorga spun around in a cartoonish pirouette.
3	Borrowers Find System Open to Conflicts Critics say the three biggest credit raters -- Moody's, Standard   Poor's and Fitch -- have become important gatekeepers in capitalism without commensurate oversight or accountability.
0	Britain says Iran is risking UN action LONDON -- Iran risks action by the United Nations Security Council if it breaks a promise to suspend uranium enrichment activity by November, Britain said yesterday. Tehran defiantly declared it has a right to continue its program.
2	Cooper sells Tire maker Cooper Tire  amp; Rubber Co. has sold its Detroit-area auto supplier business -- known as Cooper-Standard Automotive -- to two New York private-equity firms.
0	Bush Envoy Defends U.N. Against Schwarzenegger  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush's ambassador to  the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after  California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States,  not the U.N., was best for democracy.
0	Opposition Alleges Afghan Election Fraud KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai said they would boycott the outcome because of potential fraud in the system designed to keep voters from casting more than one ballot.    The poll also was marred by violence, as militants ambushed police escorting boxes of ballots, killing three officers in the deadliest direct assault on the landmark post-Taliban vote, a senior official said...
0	Iran-EU Nuke Negotiations in Final Stages-Kharrazi  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran's negotiations with the European  Union over a deal which would spare Tehran from possible U.N.  sanctions are in their final stages, Iran's Foreign Minister  Kamal Kharrazi said Saturday.
3	HP Will Power 5,300 7-Elevens  quot;HP technology helps us to differentiate ourselves from other retailers in the way we run our stores, select and distribute products, work with suppliers, serve customers and communicate 
0	Death toll in China mine blast reaches 77 The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China #39;s Henan province has risen to 77. Efforts are continuing to recover 71 others still listed as officially missing, although officials 
1	Angels activated Glaus from DL Anaheim Angels: Troy Glaus was activated from the 60-day disabled list following a five-game rehab assignment in the minors and was back in the lineup for Sunday #39;s game against the Twins.
0	Khokhar in Delhi for new round of dialogue NEW DELHI, Sept 3: Foreign Secretary Riaz Khokhar arrived here on Friday to set the stage for the first formal talks on the Kashmir dispute between the foreign ministers of India and Pakistan.
2	Bell-ringer shortage could take toll It may be beginning to look a lot like Christmas, but Rich Forney is worried it sure won #39;t sound like it. Forney, administrator of the Salvation Army #39;s Lawrence operations, said the nonprofit #39;s annual bell 
0	Burma Extends Democracy Leader #39;s Detention Detained Burmese pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been told she will be held under house arrest until at least next September, a spokesman for her political party said.
0	UN to investigate Darfur genocide A five-member panel to investigate whether genocide has taken place in Darfur has been appointed by United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan.
2	US Consumer Sentiment Up in December US consumer sentiment rose in early December, according to a survey released on Friday, as consumers reacted positively to lower prices at the gas pump.
1	Fitzpatrick  amp; Co. were amazing, end of story The last time Harvard had a run like this, the ball was a lot rounder, the players wore leather helmets, and the movie you took your girl to see on a Saturday night had no sound.
0	Pitcairn sex trials delayed The trials of seven Pitcairn Island men charged with almost 100 child sex abuse crimes have been delayed till tomorrow. Prosecution police and some court officials had arrived on the island only 
1	New York Says Best Asset in 2012 Bid Is City Itself  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York's best asset in its bid to  host the 2012 Olympics is the city itself, campaign leader  Daniel Doctoroff said on Wednesday.
2	AFL-CIO pounds job loss Washington -- The AFL-CIO cranked up its campaign to stop the export of US jobs on Thursday by starting a database designed to track companies that outsource jobs overseas.
0	Children wounded in attack US warplanes fired on insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight, killing at least one person and injuring 12 -- many of them children -- hospital officials said yesterday.
2	Watchdog: TSA overpaying Boeing for airport security contract WASHINGTON An internal audit found the Transportation Security Administration overpaid Boeing on a contract to install explosive detection equipment at commercial airports.
0	Fidel Castro Tumbles Off Stage HAVANA, Cuba -- Cuban leader Fidel Castro says he is fine after falling off of the stage in Santa Clara, Cuba. The fall is bringing back memories of when he collapsed two years ago.
3	B-52B test plane flies final mission The record-setting speed by the X-43A experimental scramjet engine on Tuesday marked the final operational mission for NASA #39;s B-52B test aircraft.
2	Local PC sales remain strong AUSTRALIA and India have remained the stand out markets for PC growth in the Asia Pacific region, growing 30 and 19 per cent respectively in the third quarter, according to new research.
2	Alien aims to multiply and thrive MORGAN HILL, Calif. -- In the lobby of Alien Technology, giant statues of Robbie the Robot and Klaatu from  quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still quot; stand guard over the reception area. Hanging on one doorway leading to the inner sanctum is a sign that reads:  quot;Area 52. Restricted Area. Secret Research Facility. quot;
1	CU drops Big 12 title to Sooners Buffalo football fans who were parked on barstools nonchalantly shrugged off Saturday night #39;s Big 12 big blowout. The second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners pounded the University 
2	For Merck Chief, Credibility at the Capitol Something finally went right yesterday for Raymond V. Gilmartin, the embattled chairman and chief executive of Merck  amp; Company.
3	Java3D - Half Right \\SUN has announced that Java3D will be released in a different manner than any\other SUN project in existence.\\"We announce the availability of the source code for the Java 3D API on\java.net.  We are involving developers in the evolution of the Java 3D API.\Come join the Java 3D projects on java.net, and download the source code for\the core Java 3D API, vecmath, the Java 3D core utilities, and the Java 3D\program examples."\\The key thing here is that they have provided the core utils under a BSD license\and even have the CVS available .\\Good job SUN!  You're headed in the right direction!\\Here's the only problem:\\"We are releasing the source code for the j3d-core and vecmath projects u ...\\
3	AOL Releases Netscape Browser Update America Online Inc. on Tuesday opened the curtain on its update to the Netscape Web browser. Netscape 7.2 became available for download from the Netscape site. As previously reported, AOL had planned to unveil its first browser update in a year by the ...
1	At Least Someone Wants to Play Here It #39;s not all bitterness and resentment in Raptorland these days. While Vince Carter has demanded to be traded, Rafer Alston was expressing his joy yesterday at being back in Toronto.
2	Ivan #39;s approach ignites energy prices Energy markets shuddered Monday with the approach of Hurricane Ivan, bidding up crude oil and natural gas prices as crews scrambled to evacuate production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
3	IBM unveils low-cost blades Express version of BladeCenter chassis accommodates up to 14 dual-processor servers but costs under \$1,000 instead of about \$2,800.
3	Celtel set to list on London Stock Exchange (FT.com) FT.com - Celtel, a pan-African mobile phone operator, is to float on the London Stock Exchange early next year in a move that will value the stake of Mohamed Ibrahim, a former technical director of BT Cellnet and founder of the mobile group, at up to  pound;275m ( #36;496m).
1	Another difficult weekend for Frenchman Duval Loc finished 8th and 13th last weekend in Brno for the second to last round of the Formula 3 Euroseries championship.
3	Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search Yahoo Jazzes Up Mobile Search\\Google SMS started serving search results to mobile users in the US just a few days back. Now Yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set. Google SMS is currently text based for the results; Yahoo! jazzes them up with maps, website icons, as well ...
1	UPI NewsTrack Sports With the expiration of the NHL #39;s collective bargaining agreement, the league locked out its players at midnight Wednesday. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced earlier in the 
2	Prebon three to share 70m The three owners of money broker Prebon will share in a 70m windfall following the takeover of the business by Collins Stewart Tullett, the ambitious stockbroker run by Terry Smith.
2	Gazprom board approves Yukos bid MOSCOW (AFP) - The Russian gas giant Gazprom said its board of directors had given its go-ahead for the state-controlled firm to bid for the main production unit of embattled oil group Yukos.
1	Gordon apologizes for New Hampshire accident Robby Gordon apologized Monday for intentionally causing an accident at New Hampshire International Speedway that involved championship contenders Tony Stewart and Jeremy Mayfield.
1	Heath: Check the oven, Cowboys are done including this week #39;s road game against mighty Philly - to have any kind of shot at the sixth playoff spot in the NFC. Even if 
3	Red Hat Hires Sun VP To Focus On Desktop Strategy Combined with recent Netscape app purchases, the move gets Linux provider closer to integrating desktops with network services. By Larry Greenemeier.
2	Santander says referral no cause to drop Abbey bid Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano says the referral of any competing offer for Abbey National to regulators need not mean Santander would pull out of the fray.
0	US Envoy Denies Using Influence in Afghan Elections The United States ambassador to Afghanistan denies allegations he is meddling in the country #39;s first direct presidential election, to be held on October 9. US ambassador to Kabul, Zalmay Khalilzad, says that 
2	Oracle to Issue Tender Results Saturday Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said it would report preliminary results of its \$8.8 billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft (PSFT.
2	Nokia and Microsoft bet on India Nokia and Microsoft both announced new ventures in India on Wednesday, underscoring the country #39;s increasing allure for high-technology companies.
2	Yet Again, Jil Sander and Prada Part Ways Sander - who sold her fashion house to Prada four years ago, left four months later, then made a dramatic comeback in 2003 - has left the company again.
1	Scalpers Sell Athens Tickets at Face Value  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a  place in history as the Olympics' homecoming may also be  remembered as the Games that redefined a ticket scalper's job.
2	Stocks Open Higher After Economic Growth Report Stock prices opened slightly higher today after the latest reading on U.S. gross domestic product.
0	China facing environment 'crisis' A senior Chinese official tells the BBC the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.
1	Spain to ramp up security with 35,000 police for Madrid Games bid MADRID (AFP) - Spain will draft some 35,000 police to beef up security, according to a dossier handed to the International Olympic Committee who were mulling the specifics of Madrid #39;s 2012 Olympic bid.
3	SCO to cap legal expenses Lawyers to get bigger share of any settlement in Linux suits in exchange for billing less up front.
0	Iraq Government Retracts Claim Top Saddam Aide Held  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's government said on Monday it had  not captured the most wanted Saddam Hussein aide still on the  run, in an embarrassing climbdown a day after top officials  reported he had been seized in a raid by Iraqi forces.
2	Dow Closes Up 83 on Lower Oil Prices Stocks rallied in quiet trading Wednesday as oil prices fell for a fourth straight session, countering a pair of government reports that gave a mixed picture of the economy.
0	Central American Street Gangs Spread Across Mexico  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Violent gangs with roots in U.S.  crime culture are spreading through Mexico, with some setting  up shop in the capital, the government said on Thursday.
2	Oil Prices Dip Toward \$54  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped further below \$55  a barrel on Tuesday, breathing easier after a Norwegian strike  threat receded but still anxious over the thin state of  pre-winter heating oil supplies.
3	F.A.A. Faced With Aging of Computers and Staff The Federal Aviation Administration is facing some of the same problems that are driving the airlines to bankruptcy, rising costs and declining income.
3	Ill., Mich. Want New Federal Isotope Lab Like most of us, politicians don #39;t know much about isotopes. But because they know something about money and jobs, lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are locked in a battle 
2	Pfizer Warns of Risks From Its Painkiller Pfizer warned doctors that one of its best-selling painkillers, Bextra, might increase the risk of heart attack or stroke in coronary artery bypass surgery patients.
0	U.S.: Hostage Tried to Escape Execution BAGHDAD, Iraq - Kidnappers beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley after twice releasing videos in which he wept and pleaded with Prime Minister Tony Blair for his life. A U.S...
2	Ford dumps \$200m Oracle system Ford has ditched Oracle #39;s online purchasing system eVEREST, because of flaws in the software. The car manufacturer has reportedly spent more than \$200m trying to get the system to work since it bought it in 2000. 
1	Zim Date Sri Lanka ZIMBABWE face fancied Sri Lanka at the Oval today needing a huge win to stay in the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions Trophy.
3	DNA FINGERPRINTING CAN DODGE THE RESULTS? Keeping in mind the above research, the genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations cannot always be considered sophisticated since there are chances of false identification, at least one in a billion.
1	Today's schedule Pro basketball: Charlotte vs. Celtics at the FleetCenter, 7:30 p.m. College hockey: Men -- UMass at BC, 7 p.m.; Merrimack at BU, 7 p.m.; Maine at Northeastern, 7 p.m.; Colgate at UMass-Lowell, 7 p.m.; Princeton at Brown, 7 p.m.; Providence at UNH, 7 p.m.; Yale at Harvard, 8 p.m.; UBS tournament at Worcester: Worcester St. at Fitchburg St., 5:30 p.m.; ...
1	34 Gold Medals Up for Grabs on 15th Day of Olympics The sailing and canoe-kayak events have closed at the Athens Olympics while athletics, wrestling, and basketball will give fans plenty to cheer at the Athens Olympics.
2	Big Blue Turns Green with Grid Computing Deal IBM (Quote, Chart) revealed a number of supercomputing projects from its Deep Computing unit, which should whet the appetites of those following the 12th Global Grid Forum (GGF) in Brussels, Belgium, next week.
3	Source: Hollywood to Sue Server Operators LOS ANGELES Dec 14, 2004 - The US film industry is preparing to sue computer server operators in the United States and Europe who help relay digitized movie files across online file-sharing networks, a source familiar with the movie studios #39; plans said 
3	Google tests short message service There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. Its maintained is position for the past year.
1	Vizquel rejects Sox, signs with Giants Two days into the free-agent signing season and the White Sox have come up losers. Switch-hitting shortstop Omar Vizquel rejected a two-year offer from the White Sox and agreed to a three-year, \$12.
0	EU force takes over Bosnia role A European Union force has taken over peacekeeping in Bosnia from NATO for an operation seen as a test of the EU #39;s military aspirations and credibility.
2	Russia slashes \$9 billion from Iraq debt Russia will slash at least \$9.5 billion of Iraq #39;s debt to Moscow, Interfax news agency reported Monday. Iraq #39;s debt to Russia will be reduced to \$700 million to \$1 billion 
0	Lott Criticizes Rumsfeld The former Senate majority leader joined a growing chorus of Republicans criticizing the Pentagon chief's failure to call for more troops in Iraq and to properly equip troops.
2	Hurricane Season Ends The hurricane season is finally over today. Seven storms hit the Southeast, three indirectly affecting us. The worst hit Florida. Mother Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne made their presences known in there 
1	Sports: Braves 8 Cubs 6 The Atlanta Braves rallied from a four-run deficit and handed the Cubs their fifth consecutive loss 8-to-6, knocking Chicago out of the wild-card race.
1	HEINZE MAKES GOOD FIRST IMPRESSION Sir Alex Ferguson is not easily won over but Gabriel Heinze may just have bucked the trend at Manchester United. The 6.9million Argentina defender had a debut to remember after only linking up with his new team-mates four days before the game.
3	TSMC files another patent suit against SMIC Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC), of Hsinchu, Taiwan, has expanded its patent-infringement fight against rival contract chip maker Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp.
1	Pacers brawl with Detroit spectators in NBA nightmare melee Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. AUBURN HILLS, Michigan, United States of America -- An epic brawl involving Indiana Pacers players and angry 
0	Two Black Watch soliders fighting for their lives in Iraq United States troops have stormed key areas of Fallujah just hours after two soldiers of the Black Watch battle group were seriously injured in an attack by a suicide bomber.
3	Why does Asia get all the cool stuff first? Also: Congress OKs private spaceflight bill. News.com Extra
2	Deutsche Bank, Weisel to Pay \$100 Mln to End Probe (Update1) Deutsche Bank AG and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC will pay a total of \$100 million to settle allegations they published misleading stock research to win investment-banking business, becoming 
2	Russia to hold Yukos auction despite US ruling MOSCOW - Russia said on Friday it would go ahead with an auction to sell the key asset of embattled oil company Yukos despite a US bankruptcy court decision to block it for several days.
1	Team's play lately has been divine We need a name for these guys. The Yankee Clippers? The Sons of Tito? How about the No More Nomars?
0	CORRECTED - Song and dance as land mine meeting opens in Kenya In Nairobi story headlined  quot;Song and dance as land mine meeting opens in Kenya quot; please read in 7th paragraph ... He said over 22,000 people were killed and maimed... instead of ...He said 2,000 people were killed and maimed...(corrects figure).
1	OPPOSITE DIRECTIONS The 49ers rehearse the end-around run to Arnaz Battle so often that they never doubted the play would work.  #39; #39;We practice and practice and practice and practice that play, #39; #39; coach Dennis Erickson said.
2	Gauthier: One store #39;s ban another #39;s opportunity Bear with me a moment and take part in a bit of holiday whimsy. Close your eyes and think about Christmases past. What do you see?
3	Dear Internet Explorer: I #39;m leaving It #39;s over. Our relationship just hasn #39;t been working for a while, and now, this is it. I #39;m leaving you for another browser.
1	Poulter wins Volvo Masters in playoff Ian Poulter of England won the Volvo Masters on Sunday, beating Sergio Garcia with a par on the first playoff hole. Garcia missed a 3-foot putt on the final hole of regulation that would have given the Spaniard the victory.
3	Antarctic craters reveal strike Scientists map enormous impact craters hidden under the Antarctic ice sheet using satellite technology.
0	Uranium negotiations are close to the end Pressured by European powers, Iranian negotiators at a key UN atomic agency meeting sought approval from their government Friday for a total freeze of a program that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium.
3	RIM signs BT to sell Blackberry BT is to offer Research in Motion #39;s Blackberry mobile email and personal information management system, the UK telco said today.
3	Company Hopes to Take Outsourcing to a New Level: Africa Many large companies have reaped the economic benefits of outsourcing in recent years. Karim Morsli is trying to make money bringing those same advantages to small and medium-sized businesses -- while also spurring economic growth in Africa.
3	Infocus: SSH User Identities This article shows how to improve SSH security using public key authentication instead of, or in addition to, password authentication.
1	Edmonds, Cardinals force Game 7 This time it was Jim Edmonds #39; turn to get the hero #39;s welcome, his joyous St. Louis Cardinals teammates surrounding him as he tried to touch home plate.
0	Space Capsule Crashes in Utah The Genesis space capsule, which promised scientists potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth today.
0	Rebels Explode Two Bombs in Katmandu Suspected Maoist rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday to reinforce a blockade of the Nepali capital to press for the release of jailed guerrillas.
1	Quakes Staying Put...For Now It #39;s likely that Yogi Berra has never kicked a soccer ball in his life. Yet one of his more famous utterances could easily be applied to Tuesday #39;s press conference held by the San Jose Earthquakes: It #39;s dj vu all over again.
0	British-Iraqi Hostage Pleads for Her Life  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A weeping British-Iraqi hostage pleaded  for her life in a video broadcast on Friday as British troops  prepared to move nearer Baghdad before an expected U.S.-led  offensive against rebels before January elections.
0	Parents Mull Flu Vaccines Amid Shortage DENVER - While officials across the nation are urging healthy adults and schoolchildren to skip their annual flu shot, parents are mulling their options. The news that British regulators have shut down a major flu-shot supplier carries particular concern in Colorado, which was the epicenter of last year's flu season with 12,885 reported cases and the deaths of 12 children...
1	Germany could lose equestrian gold BERLIN, Germany -- Germany, stripped of two equestrian golds in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third title after two of its show jumping horses failed dope tests.
3	UN: Domestic robot use to surge sevenfold by 2007 The United Nations annual World Robotics Survey predicts the use of robots around the home will surge seven-fold by 2007. The boom is expected to be seen in robots that can mow lawns and vacuum floors, among other chores.
2	Freddie Mac Says May Face SEC Action (Reuters) Reuters - Mortgage finance company Freddie\Mac (FRE.N) on Wednesday said it may face civil action from the\U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for possible violations\of securities laws.
3	Sun snacks on SevenSpace #39;s software services Sun Microsystems today made a somewhat unusual move by acquiring a small software outsourcing firm - SevenSpace. Sun is looking to have SevenSpace operate as part of its managed services business.
0	Japanese government convenes emergency session after body &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO The Japanese government has convened an emergency session. This, after a report that a body believed to be Asian was discovered in Iraq.
3	BEA Systems Ships All-In-One App Platform For ISVs BEA Systems Inc. on Monday unveiled an all-in-one package of products that make it easier for independent software vendors to build and install web applications on BEA #39;s Java-based platform.
3	Gadget harvest Apple unveils its new ultra-thin G5 iMac while Logitech readies the first laser mouse. Also: HP's holiday offerings.
2	Invesco, AIM Advisors Settle for  #36;375M (AP) AP - Invesco Funds Group and its sister company will pay more than  #36;450 million in penalties, restitution and lowered fees to settle allegations they allowed wealthy investors to trade their mutual funds improperly.
0	Haiti devastated by floods: Action Against Hunger deploys &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following the political crisis at the beginning of the year and torrential rains in May, Haiti has now been ravaged by tropical storm Jeanne.
1	Lanka set Pak historic target of 418 to win Faisalabad: Pakistan needs to equal a world record chase of 418 to beat Sri Lanka after the tourists made 438 in their second innings on the fourth day of the first cricket Test at Iqbal stadium on Saturday.
2	Mexico #39;s Cemex plans to sell two plants MONTERREY, Mexico -- Mexican cement company Cemex SA said Monday it has signed a letter of intent to sell two UScement plants to Brazil #39;s Grupo Votorantim for \$400 million.
1	Rooney out to derail the big fifty The boy wonder halted the Gunners #39; last long unbeaten run. Can he do it again? IT REALLY all began for Wayne Rooney in the gloaming of the early evening of October 19th, 2002.
0	UN condemns Ivory Coast bombing United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan has condemned raids by government aircraft on rebel-held Ivory Coast as a  quot;major violation quot; of the ceasefire.
1	Australia #39;s Warne Strikes Early as India Slumps to 95-4 in Test Shane Warne took a wicket with his second ball as India #39;s cricketers, trailing 1-0 in the four-match series, slumped to 95-4 at tea after bowling out Australia for 398 on day two of the third Test at Nagpur.
3	Lower orders dent Broadcom #39;s outlook With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
3	Week in review: The urge to merge A corporate holiday shopping spree on steroids this week yielded three merger deals worth about \$60 billion--including one that ranks as the largest software merger in history.
3	Planets in dazzling array; conjunction peaks next week Early morning joggers, dog-walkers and commuters are enjoying a dazzling predawn light show in the eastern sky this week. Jupiter and Venus, the two brightest planets visible 
2	Halloween Means Sales as Adults Join In (Reuters) Reuters - Halloween is expected to scare up\record sales this year as more adults -- and pets -- join in\what was once mainly a children's dress-up event, filling a\void before the key Christmas shopping season.
3	Tim's Cook-For-Yourself Diet Plan:  Save money and lose weight My weight has been up and down over the past several years.  I'd lose weight, but I'd have trouble keeping it off, and all the other problems that many people have.  Looking back on it, I find that one of my biggest problems is lack of discipline.  While I could keep myself under control for a while, that control would slip, and the weight would come back.    Over the past year, however, I have managed to find a diet plan which I have been successful with.  As with anything that works well, the progress has been slow, but it has been steady.  This diet plan is of my own devising, so your mileage may vary, but I think it's a lot of common sense that you've already heard anyway.
2	Oil may slow Australian economic growth SYDNEY Rising oil prices may slow Australia #39;s economic growth rate in the short term by damping global demand for exports, and by cooling consumer spending, the central bank said Thursday.
2	Fannie Mae Supports New Regulatory Bill The company, which has long fought legislative efforts to limit its powers, is hoping the strategy will put them in a stronger position to bargain over crucial details with the  government.
0	Pakistan spin India to defeat (AFP) AFP - Pakistan spinners Shahid Afridi and Shoaib Malik took seven wickets between them to bowl their side to a 66-run win over arch-rivals India in the opening match of the triangular event here.
2	Tech Stocks Tumble as Intel Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology shares tumbled on  Friday after Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 1 chip  maker, slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only  moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks gained.
1	Red Sox getting big effort from Wakefield The baseball gods have a heart, and it showed Monday in the Boston Red Sox #39;s 14-inning, 5-4 victory against the New York Yankees that extended their American League Championship 
3	Siemens adds Flash-OFDM to broadband wireless family German engineering and manufacturing company Siemens will add more broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
0	PM: Australia aims to keep good relations with both US, China Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia #39;s policy is aimed at keeping good relations with both the United States and China. 
1	Woods is an exchange student You think the rush to exchange presents Dec. 26 will be furious? It might not compare with the mad dash of folks looking to reassess their 2004 viewpoints of one Tiger Woods.
1	AGASSI BACK ON TRACK Top seed Andre Agassi began the quest for his second title of year with a comfortable victory in the first round of the Stockholm Open.
0	Beslan: first funerals taking place The first funerals for the victims of the Russian school siege are due to be held. Survivors of the atrocity are still recovering in hospitals in and around the town of Beslan.
3	TI Working on Television Chip for Phones for 2007 Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile phone screens in three years.
3	Dell CEO Says Considering AMD Chips for Servers (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc. , the No. 1 personal\computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip\maker Intel , is mulling using rival chips from AMD\, its chief executive said on Thursday.
3	German teenager indicted over Sasser worm Prosecutors in Verden, Germany, indicted an 18-year-old student on Wednesday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide 
2	Treasuries Edge Ahead on Inflation Relief  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices firmed on Tuesday  after a key reading of U.S. inflation proved  softer-than-expected, a relief to investors in fixed-income  debt.
1	Bucs' Galloway Will Miss Four to Six Weeks (AP) AP - Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury.
2	Tokyo Stocks Dip, Focus on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by midday on  Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing  to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as  insurers and telecom stocks including KDDI Corp.
2	Conoco Wins Lukoil Bid, a Window on Iraq ConocoPhillips paid nearly \$2 billion at auction for the Russian government's stake in Lukoil, a purchase that could allow Conoco to become the first Western company to return to Iraq's oil fields.
2	A Truce in the Toy Wars? It looks like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) may deliver some uncharacteristic slack to some of its competitors. USA Today reported that the discounter giant doesn #39;t plan such deep price cuts on toys this year.
3	Who #39;s Googling You? Do you know what pops up when you Google yourself? You should, because odds are someone you work with or know does. A study released last month by Harris Interactive and Dogpile, a search engine run by InfoSpace 
1	Documents: Bryant Accuser Wanted to Sue (AP) AP - A month after a hotel worker accused NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape, she allegedly told a friend that she was considering suing him in civil court and planned to use any money she won for breast implants, a koala bear and opening a recording studio.
1	Boks snatch Tri-Nations The Springboks have won the Tri-Nations title with a 23-19 win against the Wallabies in Durban. In a tense finish, the Wallabies scored twice in the final 10 minutes with the Springboks reduced to 13 men, but the home side held on for a deserved victory.
1	Slyusareva Wins Women's Points Race Russia's Olga Slyusareva adds an Olympic gold medal to her collection of world championships, easily winning the points race Wednesday.
1	Where has the Black Caps #39; fighting spirit gone? When the last breath was squeezed out of New Zealand just after lunch yesterday, with it went an appalling test series on virtually all counts.
0	US launches Samarra offensive US and Iraqi forces begin a major operation against rebels in Iraq's northern city of Samarra, reports say.
2	Costco faces sex discrimination suit An assistant manager at one of Costco #39;s Colorado warehouses filed a sex discrimination lawsuit against the Issaquah-based company yesterday, alleging that it overlooks women for promotion. 
1	Tampa Bay Buccaneers Named as the starter last month by Jon Gruden, Griese continued his outstanding play, throwing for 296 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a 34-31 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in an interconference game.
3	Fishing Just for Fun Damages Stocks, Study Finds WASHINGTON - People fishing for sport are doing far more damage to US marine fish stocks than anyone thought, accounting for nearly a quarter of the catch from overfished species, researchers said.
1	Hernndez Moving Up on Yanks #39; Depth Chart In the spring, when Orlando Hernndez was signed by the Yankees after missing the 2003 season, it was an insurance policy for the already deep pitching staff.
2	Italian budget airline grounded Volare, Italy's first budget airline, cancels all flights and ticket sales indefinitely amid reports of a financial crisis.
2	Wall St Set to Dip, Bank Results Dominate (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares were seen opening a touch\weaker on Wednesday as markets mull the Federal Reserve's\cautious assessment of the economy and await third-quarter\results Morgan Stanley  and Bear Stearns .
0	Gore: Bush Deceived Public on Iraq (AP) AP - Al Gore on Monday accused President Bush of intentionally deceiving the public about the reasons for invading Iraq and said he is so ideologically driven that he refuses to admit  #151; or even learn from  #151; his mistakes.
0	U.S. Frees Falluja Negotiator After Daylong Battle  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces freed Falluja's chief  negotiator on Monday after air strikes and a nine-hour battle  blasted the rebel-held Sunni Muslim city west of Baghdad.
3	UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft (Reuters) Reuters - Police said on Monday they have arrested\a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco\Systems  source code, the basic instructions for the\machines that direct Internet traffic across the globe.
2	Tellier: Bombardier Tells CEO To Take Flight Planes, trains and no CEO: Bombardier fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its Toronto-traded stock dropped to a record low.
1	Blues held by Spurs, Toffees win again Tottenham has held Chelsea to a 0-0 draw, while Everton beat Middlesbrough 1-0 and Newcastle downed Southampton 2-1. Chelsea dominated the contest at Stamford Bridge, but with England goalkeeper Paul Robinson 
0	Barroso Urges Turkey to Go Extra Mile on EU Talks The European Commission president urged Turkey on Thursday to  quot;go the extra mile quot; to show Europeans it is ready for EU membership talks as the bloc prepared 
3	Sony unveils PDA with next-generation organic EL display TOKYO - Sony Marketing (Japan) Inc said Tuesday it will begin selling a personal digital assistant Sept 25 equipped with an organic electroluminescent display, a next-generation monitor.
3	Sony PC boasts 1,000 GB of storage TOKYO - Japan #39;s Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage -nough to record six TV channels for a week straight  - company said.
2	Lockheed Wins Navy Satellite Contract Worth \$3.3 Bln (Update2) Lockheed Martin Corp., the top US defense contractor, won a US Navy contract worth as much as \$3.3 billion to develop and build a group of satellites to provide communications for ground troops.
2	Appeals Court Rejects ABB Asbestos Plan  ZURICH/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on  Thursday rejected ABB's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABBN.VX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABBN.VX&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABB.N&lt;/A&gt; bid for a \$1.2  billion asbestos settlement that would end years of legal  wrangling and put a cap on asbestos claims filed by thousands  of former workers.
1	UPDATE 1-Charlton climb to seventh with 1-0 win A 49th-minute header by Moroccan defender Talal El Karkouri gave Charlton Athletic a 1-0 home win over Blackburn Rovers on Monday that lifted the London club to seventh in the Premier League.
1	Former Aeros bite old teammates The Aeros got a painful reminder of the prowess of a pair of their former teammates Wednesday night. They saw two of their former players combine for a goal and two assists 
2	United Parent Reports \$6M Profit in July United Airlines #39; parent company said in a bankruptcy-court filing Thursday that it eked out a \$6 million net profit last month during the middle of the busy summer travel season.
0	South Africa ponders bid to grill Thatcher The request is from Equatorial Africa over alleged ties to a plot to oust the president. CAPE TOWN -- South Africa is considering a request by Equatorial Guinea to question Mark Thatcher about his alleged 
2	Oil Supply Exceeding Demand After Cuts, Qatar Says (Update1) The supply of oil is still outstripping demand after OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s output, begins to reduce production to prop up falling prices, the Qatari oil minister said.
3	E-Card Holiday Virus Packs Ugly Punch A new virus strain masquerading as electronic Christmas cards is accounting for one in every 10 e-mails hitting in-boxes, security experts warned Wednesday.
0	US, South Korea fail to hammer out deal over troop cut timetable (AFP) AFP - The United States and South Korea failed to hammer out a deal over a timetable for the planned reduction of US troops here, with Seoul asking for the cut to be delayed, officials said.
1	Jacklin Criticizes Woods-Mickelson Pairing Former Europe captain Tony Jacklin says that  quot;never in a million years quot; would he have put Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson together in a Ryder Cup pairing.
0	Iceland offers Fischer shelter But he said the gesture was not meant as a criticism of Washington by Iceland, a staunch US ally. no longer exists, according to laws that no one has been incriminated for before.
2	Stocks Rally on Dell's Outlook, Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied further on Friday,  as a bright business outlook from computer maker Dell Inc. and  a further dip in oil prices powered blue chips and tech stocks  to close the week at their highest level in months.
1	Patriots on the lookout for a time-share When it comes to timing, the Patriots can't get a break. When they were making their great stretch drive through the best teams in the NFL last winter on their way to winning their second Super Bowl in three years, they often were overshadowed by a team not even playing at the time.
0	France unveils its motorway in the clouds Taller than the Eiffel Tower and longer than the Champs Elysee, the Millau viaduct was today opened by President Jacques Chirac to acclaim as marvel of art and architecture.
1	Texas Talks a Better Game Than Cal Plays If Kevin Weiberg, the Big 12 Conference commissioner and Bowl Championship Series coordinator, had a dollar for every time he said,  quot;We #39;re going to have to go back and take a look at that 
2	Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government has unveiled a series of measures aimed at bringing the country #39;s public deficit back below the eurozone #39;s 3 of GDP limit in 2005.
1	Astros Hang on to Beat Cubs 7-6 (AP) AP - Roger Clemens pitched six innings for his 324th victory and the Houston Astros made the most of three Chicago errors Saturday, hanging on to beat the Cubs 7-6.
0	Indonesian police to investigate bribery allegations Indonesia #39;s chief of police is to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in the country, Dr Azahari Husin, escaped arrest by bribing a policeman.
2	Abbey  #39;distracted #39; by Santander tie-up Abbey National admitted today that progress in recent months had been disrupted as a result of its planned takeover by Spain #39;s largest bank.
3	106 million Windows XP SP2 #39;s distributed Microsoft says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system. Microsoft completed work on the update, called Service Pack 2, more than two months ago.
1	Franchitti peaks in Colorado DARIO Franchitti won his second Indy Racing League event of the season in Colorado on a day of dominance by British drivers. The Scot was the man to beat all day in the Indy 225 at Pikes Peak, and only Mexican 
1	Yankees Want Lieber, but They #39;ll Wait and See The Yankees took a risk two years ago when they signed Jon Lieber a few months after his reconstructive elbow surgery. They took another risk yesterday when they declined his option and let him become a free agent.
2	Profit Off 13 at J.P. Morgan; Trading Cited as Weak Spot The nation's second-largest bank attributing the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
3	Seagate ships  #39;world first #39; 400GB PC HDDs Hard drive maker Seagate has begun shipping what it claims is the world #39;s highest capacity PC hard drive: a 400GB beast that #39;s also the first drive of its class to hold up to 133GB on a single platter.
2	Stocks Climb Despite Rising Oil Prices Stocks turned higher Tuesday, sending the Dow Jones industrial average back above the 10,000 mark, as investors shrugged off rising energy prices and focused instead on good corporate news.
0	At Penn State, Concerns Grow Over a Fading Football Legend Alumni, fans and some former players are asking if Coach Joe Paterno is still capable of meeting the enormous expectations of the football empire he built.
0	Afghan Vice President Survives Attack  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan vice president survived an  assassination attempt Monday when a remotely controlled device  was detonated near his convoy, while two soldiers from the  U.S.-led coalition were killed in a separate gunbattle.
2	GE ready to sell India BPO ops WASHINGTON: General Electric Co (GE), which began business process outsourcing to India long before the term became familiar and the issue a hot button one, is planning to sell its India operation.
2	HHS Orders Avian Flu Vaccine from Aventis  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Health and Human Services  Department said on Tuesday it had ordered 2 million doses of  avian influenza vaccine from Aventis Pasteur Inc.
1	 #39;Cooperative #39; Mutu to start counselling, says agent Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is arranging a programme of daily counselling in London after failing a drugs test, his agent said on Wednesday.
2	Toymakers Disappoint, Warn on Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - The two top U.S. toymakers posted\disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, citing\uncertainty in the economy and cautious retailers, and tempered\expectations for the crucial holiday season.
3	MSN Renews with Overture -- For Now Microsoft today extended its 3-year-old agreement with Yahoo! to provide Overture paid listings on MSN sites in the US and Canada, Europe and Asia through June 2006.
0	Young Palestinians hope for post-Arafat democracy They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside. But many young 
3	Dell close to adopting AMD chips (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Dell president and CEO Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including AMD processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
0	Dollar Rebounds After Setting Low Vs. Euro The US dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
0	Japan discovers another suspected mad cow case Japanese and US officials wrapped up three days of talks Saturday to lift Tokyo #39;s 10-month-old ban on imports of American beef, reportedly narrowing differences over testing standards for mad cow disease but failing to strike a deal.
2	Oracle seen closer in PeopleSoft bid  SAN FRANCISCO -- Bolstered by investors, Oracle Corp. appears destined to complete its long-sought takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. unless its rival becomes more profitable and proves it's worth more than the \$9.2 billion bid currently on the table.
3	Google Plugs GMail Security Hole Google has fixed a security hole in Google GMail, its free invitation only 1GB web mail service. The Google Gmail security flaw allowed hackers to be able to log into a users GMail account with only having to know ones username.
2	RPT - Crude closes at a one-month high above \$46 a barrel - Crude for October delivery closed at \$46.35 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, up 76 cents for the session. It hasn #39;t closed above \$46 since Aug. 20.
1	Sprinter Suspended Sprinter Michelle Collins is suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal.
0	Blasts at Egypt Resort Kill at Least 27 TABA, Egypt - A string of bombs hit resorts popular with Israelis in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, collapsing a 10-story wing of a luxury hotel and sending thousands of terrified people streaming back into Israel on Friday. At least 27 people were killed, and the death toll appeared likely to rise as rescuers searched through the rubble...
2	Charming Shoppes Looking Better If Lane Bryant continues to perform, the retailer's shares should continue their rise.
1	Petter Solberg Claims Victory at Rally of Italy Petter Solberg of Norway won his third straight rally as he drove his Subaru to victory at the Rally of Italy in Sardinia. The win kept alive his fading chances of retaining the world title.
1	Dodgers Leave the Bay with NLW Lead In a game that mirrored the 115-year history of the bitter rivalry, the Dodgers outlasted the Giants 7-4 to win a rare September series in San Francisco.
3	Sony Launches MP3 Walkmans to Counter IPod  LONDON (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; launched its first  MP3-compatible flash memory digital music players under the  Walkman name on Monday in the latest bid to reclaim the lead in  a market it has lost to Apple Computer's iPod.
0	Kadyrov absolutely rejected extreme forms of Wahhabism  Putin MOSCOW, August 22 (Itar-Tass) --Akhmad Kadyrov was absolutely against the extreme forms of Wahhabism, which some forces are still trying to plant on our land, President Vladimir Putin said in the RTR documentary, Akhmad Kadyrov.
2	PeopleSoft ousts CEO PeopleSoft Inc. officials said thier board of directors has ousted Craig Conway from the chief executive officer #39;s job. Conway has been one of the company #39;s strongest opponents of a proposed \$7.
2	United looks to realign its system Officials at the nation #39;s No. 2 air carrier, United Airlines, say their are rapidly moving ahead with restructuring their system, which includes building their hubs while cutting back on other domestic service.
2	Carnival Profit Up Sharply After Merger Carnival Corp. (CCL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest cruise group, on Friday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with P amp;O Princess Cruises last year.
3	Apple to launch Western Europe iTunes in October Apple has announced it is to open a multi-nation European iTunes shop sometime in October. The computer manufacturer #39;s vice-president of applications, Eddie Cue, made the announcement yesterday at the Popkomm conference in Berlin.
3	House GOP Seeks to Quash Draft Rumor (AP) AP - WASHINGTON  #151; House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.
2	Wife of Enron Founder Under Investigation The wife of Enron founder Kenneth Lay is under federal investigation for possible insider trading because she arranged for the Lay family foundation to sell half a million shares of Enron Corp.
1	Arsenal Football Club boss backs under-fire keeper Arsenal Football Club boss Arsene Wenger has backed his under-fire keeper Jens Lehmann after a poor display in Europe. Speaking to Arsenal official website, Wenger said: When the goalkeeper concedes goals he gets criticised.
1	Calgary Sun Kananaskis Country will take on a Tour de France feel Sept. 26 as its perennial champion, Lance Armstrong, leads a swarm of cyclists through the Rockies.
0	Israel Ends West Bank Construction Freeze JERUSALEM - The Israeli government issued bids Tuesday for 1,000 new homes in Jewish West Bank settlements, insisting the construction has Washington's tacit approval even though it violates a U.S.-backed peace plan.    U.S...
2	IPod demand white-hot  Many holiday shoppers are struggling to find one of the most explosively popular gifts in years: Apple's iPod digital music player that stores 5,000 songs in a device no bigger than a deck of cards.
0	Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 (AP) AP - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast Sunday, killing at least 15 people, including schoolchildren, while a rocket attack during a celebration at a school in the separatist region of Kashmir injured 17, officials said.
1	US areas lag behind in keeping up with races BEAVER CREEK, Colo. -- As the World Cup rolls on to Europe after its brief moment of glory in North America, one can't help but remember when New England hosted such events, last put on by Tommy Corcoran at Waterville Valley.
2	A new chapter for ex-GE chief Jack Welch Jack Welch greets you at the door and wants to talk about the Red Sox. The former chairman and chief executive of General Electric Co. is a Bostonian now. He lives in Beacon Hill with his new wife, Suzy Wetlaufer , the former editor of the Harvard Business Review. The two share an office in a sunlit room with a ...
3	Gates: Microsoft To Test MSN Spaces Blog Thursday Vox populi, 2004 style. Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) on Wednesday said it will offer blogging to the online many-headed.
0	Nationals eye greater party room power The National Party leader in the Senate says his party will have more influence now it has delivered the Coalition a majority in the Senate.
2	Aircraft subsidies trigger trans-Atlantic trade fight Washington state #39;s \$3.2 billion package of tax incentives for Boeing #39;s 7E7 project has become a focal point of the quickly worsening trade dispute between the US and Europe over government support for airplane makers.
0	Arafat death: French minister says no reason to suspect poisoning (AFP) AFP - French Health Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy said that there was no reason to suspect poisoning in the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in a Paris hospital last week, in response to a question during a French radio interview.
1	Report: Majerus to USC Rick Majerus will come out of retirement to coach Southern California at the end of the season, according to a report.
0	Surrender of hijackers ends eighteen-hour ordeal of bus passengers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two armed men who hijacked a busload of hostages at gunpoint in the outskirts of Athens and demanded 1m (690,000) ransom surrendered last night.
0	Afghan Militants Drop Guantanamo Prisoner Demand A Taliban splinter faction that has threatened to kill three foreign UN workers abducted in Afghanistan nearly three weeks ago appeared to narrow its demands for their release Tuesday.
0	Attacks cut Iraq #39;s oil exports in half: report Oil exports from Iraq have been cut in half by a series of well-orchestrated attacks, officials said Thursday, but the news failed to have any immediate impact on oil prices.
1	Athlete Analysis The big story is Roman Sebrle, Mr. Consistency. He has four decathlons over 8,800 points his last four times out. He looks good. Tom Pappas of the US, on the other hand, looked shakier than he did at the Olympic Trials.
3	The Wi-Jack Wi-Fi Wall Outlet It might cost you \$25 to pick up a wireless access point at Circuit City, but if you want to fool around with some enterprise-level WiFi you normally gotta shell out the big bucks for some commercial-grade ceiling-mounted gear.
0	Typhoon hits southern Japan Chaba, one of this year #39;s strongest, had sustained winds of 162kph, and was churning over the tiny southern islands of Amami Oshima and Tanegashima in Kagoshima prefecture (state), the Meteorological Agency said.
3	Q A: Cordys president talks up Web services Justin Anderson, president of Cordys' Americas group, sat down yesterday with Computerworld at the Gartner Application Integration and Web Services Summit to talk about his company and its Web services platform.
2	More questions than answers in Symantec/Veritas deal DECEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Security company Symantec Corp. #39;s acquisition of Veritas Software Corp. could benefit customers and shareholders of both companies, but details of the \$13.5 billion deal 
0	State Department Security Officer Killed (AP) AP - A State Department security officer was killed Sunday near Baghdad airport, U.S. officials said.
1	Moyes: Everton now genuine title contender Everton boss Dave Moyes insists his team are now genuine title contenders after yesterday #39;s 1-0 win over Merseyside rivals Liverpool.
2	Dow Jones to Publish Weekend Wall Street Journal Dow Jones  amp; Co. Inc. on Wednesday said it would start publishing a weekend version of its Wall Street Journal business newspaper, and that the move would be modestly dilutive to its 2005 earnings.
0	Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Three court-appointed doctors\examined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet on\Thursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-old\general will stand trial for human rights abuses.
1	Taurasi named WNBA's top rookie Diana Taurasi has another award to add to her trophy case. The Phoenix Mercury guard was the runaway winner yesterday as the WNBA Rookie of the Year. Taurasi, who led the University of Connecticut to three successive NCAA championships, became the second No. 1 overall draft pick to win the award, joining Washington's Chamique Holdsclaw (1999). Taurasi was fourth in ...
3	SpaceShipOne Team Ready To Grab X Prize The SpaceShipOne team will attempt to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race when the Soviet Union launched its Sputnik satellite.
2	2nd UPDATE: Telstra Chief Quits Amid Asia M amp;A Missteps SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Under pressure to boost investor interest ahead of aA\$30 billion share sale, Australia #39;s largest telephone company Telstra Corp.
0	U.S. Bomb Insurgent Stronghold of Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes and artillery units bombed the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Monday, killing at least nine people and wounding 12, hospital officials and witnesses said.
2	Fall Season Looks Solid for Retailers, But Holidays Could Be Another Story Against a background of lackluster retail sales in June and July, analysts and merchants still predict a decent, possibly strong, fall selling season for clothes, accessories and home furnishings.
2	Time Warner Near AOL Settlement Time Warner (TWX:NYSE - news - research) is on the brink of announcing settlements with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission, it was reported Wednesday.
0	New shock in Kenteris saga A court appearance by Christos Tsekos, former coach to disgraced Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris, has been delayed after his defence lawyer died.
1	He's set up to pitch in Everyone figured he was done for the season. So Scott Williamson joined the ranks of medical marvels last night when the Red Sox activated him from the disabled list with the hope the once-dominating setup man can help them win the American League East and much more.
3	Former Microsoft exec joins open-source project One of the guys behind Microsoft's "Halloween memo" regarding Linux is now working on open-source media software.
3	MechAssault 2: Where everything is destructible Gamers already eager to tear down their enemies with heavy weaponry have now become even more desperate. Microsoft Game Studios has announced that MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf for Xbox has gone gold and will be 
0	Gay Rights Activists Reassess Strategy (AP) AP - The ritual was replayed from Boston to San Francisco: Exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake.
2	Hilton Heading Higher The company reports improving fundamentals and posts a 79 increase in Q3 earnings.
0	Arab League Chief: Iraq Getting Tense (AP) AP - The "gates of hell are open" in Iraq, Arab League Chief Amr Moussa said Tuesday, urging Arab leaders to make the right decisions to help their neighbor overcome the crisis.
2	Global chip sales to remain flat this quarter NEW YORK, November 26 (newratings.com) - The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) expects global semiconductor sales to remain sequentially flat in the current quarter, while reiterating its forecasts of at least 28 y/y growth in worldwide chip 
2	GE settles with SEC over Welch retirement package General Electric Co. on Thursday entered into a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to resolve allegations the company failed to disclose to investors the scope of the retirement package of former President and CEO Jack Welch.
2	India #39;s Tata Group Acquires Tyco Network At Bargain Price com. In a new indication that the sale of US-built telecommunications infrastructure to foreign interests at fire-sale prices is continuing, Tyco International announced Monday that it is selling its Tyco Global Network to India #39;s Tata Group.
0	Suicide Bomber Carried Out Jakarta Attack-Police  JAKARTA (Reuters) - A suicide bomber in a Daihatsu minivan  packed with explosives was responsible for an attack at the  Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday that killed nine  people, Indonesian police said on Friday.
0	Fighting continues in Najaf amid shrine standoff US forces and Shiite militants fought fierce battles in Najaf today, with airstrikes near a revered shrine and exchanges of mortar fire and artillery, as the US military 
3	 #39;No experiments #39; for SpaceShipOne Burt Rutan, the man who designed and masterminded the X-Prize winning SpaceShipOne, says the craft will only be used for people, not experiments.
2	Worker alleges sex bias An assistant manager at Costco Wholesale accused the company of discriminating against female workers by failing to promote as many as 650 women to high-paying management jobs. 
3	Study: Chemicals Linger in Environment (AP) AP - The chemicals go down the drain, but in the environment they remain. Researchers have found that a complex brew of everyday compounds  #151; from products as ubiquitous as shampoo, bug spray and even that morning cup of coffee  #151; lingers in Minnesota waters even after they're showered off or dumped down the sink.
1	Roon: Its time to leave Everton Wayne Rooney believes the time has come for him to leave Everton as he is  #39;disappointed #39; by the way the club has been dealing with his transfer request.
3	VIA announces support for new AMD CPUs VIA Technologies today announced that its VIA K8T890 series chipsets will support the new AMD Athlon 64 FX-55 processor and AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000.
1	WHAT THE PAPERS SAY THE SUN: Glenn Hoddle is being lined up for a shock return to Southampton. Also: John Toshack has emerged as the No 1 choice to become Wales manager after Mark Hughes was named Blackburn #39;s new boss last night.
0	How Tax Bill Gave Business More and More It was the biggest free-for-all in corporate lobbying in nearly 20 years, and its final product was a tax bill with giveaways for almost every business.
2	Calif. pension fund to hike hedge fund buys SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, the nation #39;s largest public pension fund, plans to double to \$2 billion its hedge fund investment, widely seen as a risky neighborhood of the investment world.
0	Serb general faces Hague tribunal A Bosnian Serb general indicted for war crimes is to be transferred to The Hague, the chief UN war crimes prosecutor says.
1	No. 14 LSU Rallies to Beat Mississippi (AP) AP - Alley Broussard ran for a school-record 250 yards with three touchdowns and No. 14 LSU rallied to beat Mississippi 27-24 Saturday night.
0	Iran May Extend Partial Nuke Enrichment Freeze  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran's policymakers may decide to extend  its partial freeze on uranium enrichment, a process that can  make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons, a senior Iranian  official said on Friday.
1	Garciaparra still interested in Cubs BASEBALL Nomar Garciaparra can become a free agent after the World Series and will consider returning to the Chicago Cubs, his team for the final two months this season.  quot;Do I know what's going to happen, what is going on? That I can't foresee, quot; Garciaparra said before yesterday's season finale against Atlanta, one day after the Cubs were eliminated from ...
2	Bad Day for Drug Companies and Patients  LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt  a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and  Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key  products.
2	Boeing sales to get new leadership Boeing announced a shake-up in its executive ranks yesterday, ousting its chief airplane salesman at a time when rival Airbus is beating it in airplane orders for the fourth consecutive year.
2	CBA seeks stake in Chinese bank AFTER more than two years of seeking opportunities in China, the Commonwealth Bank has reached an in-principle agreement to buy a stake in a third-tier bank, Jinan City Commercial Bank (JNCCB).
2	Update 9: Crude Oil Prices Move Beyond \$47 Mark Crude oil futures moved upward past US\$47 Tuesday, reflecting concern about tight distillate supplies despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted.
2	Conan O'Brien to Replace Jay Leno in 2009 NBC will announce today that Conan O'Brien will succeed Jay Leno as host of the Tonight'' show at the end of Mr. Leno's current five-year contract, in 2009.
0	Oil for food: The mother of all scandals COME JANUARY, the United Nations might just make the Ukrainian government look virtuous by comparison. That is when the initial findings from former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volckers investigation of the UNs Oil for Food program are due.
1	Hey, just who is this guy? ATHENS -- The day after, as the US regrouped from another loss and looked ahead to the medal round, the name of Sarunas Jasikevicius still resonated. The Lithuanian point guard torched the Yanks for 28 points in a 94-90 victory Saturday night. He is leading the Olympics in assists. He is ninth in scoring. He is clearly a take-charge, take-no-prisoners ...
1	Sox agree to terms with Hermanson com. He liked the  quot;juice of the ninth inning, quot; according to White Sox general manager Ken Williams.  quot;But the eighth innings can be just as important, quot; added Williams during a Wednesday 
0	Senior Official Kidnapped in Gaza, Witnesses Say Gunmen kidnapped a senior official of the security forces in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, the latest sign of a surge in internal Palestinian unrest, witnesses said.
1	Burress: Pats Still Roughing Up Receivers (AP) AP - Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress suggests there are two sets of pass coverage rules in the NFL these days  #151; one for the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, another for the rest of the league.
2	Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;1.17 billion in the latest week to  #36;849.98 trillion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
0	Afghan militants set new deadline for UN hostages KABUL - Militants who abducted three United Nations hostages in Afghanistan warned they will decide on Friday whether to kill them because talks have broken down, news reports say.
0	Missing ballots heighten fears of renewed voting chaos in Florida (AFP) AFP - The bizarre disappearance of tens of thousands of ballots has fueled worries over Florida's ability to avert a repeat of the chaos of 2000, when Americans were kept guessing for 36 days who won the election.
0	Opposition Party Heads for Win in Lithuanian Election An opposition party led by an ethnic Russian businessman appears headed for victory in Sunday #39;s Lithuanian parliamentary election.
0	Baghdad Blast Kills Seven, Najaf Fighting Rages  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A shell killed seven people in a busy  Baghdad street on Tuesday and U.S. forces fought pitched  battles with Shi'ite militia in the holy city of Najaf.
3	Carbon to Blame for Pollution Heart Damage -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Air pollution clearly causes\immediate damage to the heart, including heart attacks, but its\short-term effects on asthma and other respiratory symptoms are\harder to document, U.S. researchers said on Wednesday.
0	Court Sentences Russian Scientist Danilov to 14 Years for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A court in the Krasnoyarsk Territory, Siberia, on Wednesday sentenced Russian physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in prison for spying for China.
1	Redskins Are Dealt Another Blow Defensive back Deion Sanders intercepted his first pass in four years, yukking it up all the while with linebacker Ray Lewis and the reinvigorated Baltimore Ravens.
3	Microsoft #39;s Linux ad  #39;misleading #39; The UK watchdog upheld complaints about a magazine advert which claimed that the open-source operating system Linux was more expensive than Windows.
3	TiVo Upgrade Shifts TV Shows to Computer Laptop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - TiVo Inc., maker of television  recording technology, on Monday said it has started shipping  "TiVoToGo," a service upgrade that allows some subscribers to  view recorded programs on a computer or laptop.
3	IBM Community to address social issues New York: The US-based software major IBM, along with representatives of the world #39;s leading science, education and philanthropic outfits, has launched a global effort aimed at harnessing the vast computing power of individuals and business computers and 
2	US Airways Watch US Airways Chief Executive Officer Bruce Lakefield acknowledged in a message to employees yesterday that there is  quot;anger, quot;  quot;fear quot; and  quot;a lot of sadness quot; among workers forced to take a 21 percent pay cut over the next four months.
1	Wisconsin running back Davis cleared to play Running back Anthony Davis, who missed No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s last three games with an eye injury, has been cleared to play this weekend against Illinois.
3	FEC May Regulate Web Political Activity With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.
1	Quite a stable SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Trainer Nick Zito has hit the trifecta before tomorrow's Travers Stakes at Saratoga is even run. The personable conditioner has such a deep team of 3-year-olds that he will send out three of the seven competitors in the \$1 million event, led by Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone.
3	Protecting your Windows PC, Part 1 Protecting your computer doesn #39;t have to be a life-changing experience. But you do need to be more careful now than ever before.
3	Briton arrested in counterfeiting crackdown Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
0	Hamas retaliates by mortars to the assassination of al-Gul One of the key cadres of Ezz Eddine al-Qassam group, the military wing of the Hamas movement, was killed and another one was strongly injured in a mortar explosion.
0	US looking at uniform issue WASHINGTON: The United States said it was aware of the announcement that Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf would stay on as head of the armed forces and the countrys president at the same time, according to an Online report and said it would look 
2	Stocks Seen Flat as Nortel and Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open near  unchanged on Thursday after a warning from technology  bellwether Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt; dimmed hopes, while  stubbornly high oil prices also weighed on sentiment.
3	GOP platform: Broadband and R D tax credits Widely available broadband, electronic health records and increased government spending on research and development (R D) are among the technology-related goals in the U.S. Republican Party's 2004 platform, released this week.
3	Texas Police Want Briton over Internet Sex Claims Police in America have issued an arrest warrant for a British man who allegedly had sex with a 15-year-old girl he met in an internet chat room, it was revealed today.
2	UPDATE 1-SEC, NASD probing Jefferies trader #39;s gifts -WSJ US market regulators are looking into whether a Jefferies Group Inc. (JEF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) trader violated rules that prohibit expensive gift-giving in a bid to curry 
0	Gunmen kill former Philippine rebel leader Suspected communist rebels have shot dead the leader of a breakaway guerrilla group that entered into a peace agreement with the Philippine government, police say.
2	Mainland consumers optimistic about economic outlook: survey Consumers on the Chinese mainland are most optimistic about the economic outlook of the next 12 months, according to a survey released here Wednesday by AC Nielsen.
3	Product Review: SMC 2804WBRP-G Wireless Barricade G Router (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - SMC's new 802.11g wireless router likely will spark considerable interest because of its inclusion of a USB print server. This feature is attractive to residential households or small businesses that would like to use a single printer across multiple computers.
1	Europe #39;s spirit may overwhelm that of the American side Perhaps perspective had returned to the Ryder Cup after the unfortunate fan abuse directed at the European team at The Country Club near Boston in 1999 and the inappropriate celebration by American 
3	AT amp;T Release Ogo AT amp;T have finally released their Ogo handset. The US\$130 (106) device is designed to do one thing well - messaging. The Ogo allows subscribers to send emails, instant messages and text messages, and that #39;s 
2	More samples from La. and Miss. being tested for soybean rust BATON ROUGE, La. - Agriculture officials are testing plant samples from three Louisiana parishes and one Mississippi county for the fungus soybean rust, which damages crop production and forces farmers to use costly fungicide treatments.
0	Ghana votes in presidential poll Presidential elections are taking place in Ghana, which boasts political stability but much poverty.
2	Pilot talks continue; Delta shares fall ATLANTA -- Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. fell Monday on the fear among some analysts that the struggling carrier will be forced into bankruptcy if it doesn #39;t get significant wage concessions from its pilots in the next three weeks.
1	Minors Director Fired After sending no minor league teams to their respective playoffs, first-year minor league director Doc Rodgers is fired by the Orioles on Wednesday.
0	Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with  liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no  better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders  adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
3	Cisco, Symbol Keep Wireless Data Safe eWeek: Security partnerships and technology advances are making it increasingly safer to keep corporate data up in the air. To better fight the threat of wireless network subterfuge, Cisco Systems Inc.
2	Moscow plans partial Yukos sale The Russian Justice Ministry announced Tuesday that the Yukos oil company #39;s main production subsidiary, Yuganskneftegaz, had been evaluated at \$10.
3	Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows In yet another blow to Intel's Itanium ambitions, Microsoft says its big-server version of Windows won't run on the new chip.
0	Dalian Shide players storm off pitch as Chinese football worries deepen (AFP) AFP - Football powerhouse Dalian Shide abandoned a match against Shenyang Jinde in protest at the referee Sunday, confronting China's embattled Super League with yet another crisis.
3	Jobs offered to let Sony into iTunes, report says To counter Microsoft #39;s planned entry into the digital music market, Apple Computer offered to sign a strategic agreement with Sony, according to a Sept.
0	PM visits to help bring positive changes in region: PML ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan Muslim League has said that Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz ongoing visit to three SAARC member states is highly important as it will play a significant role in bringing positive changes in the region.
2	Federal reserve bank chief finalist for A amp;M job Texas A amp;M University System regents selected the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas as the sole finalist for its chancellorship today.
2	Funds: Are Bond Funds Hazardous?  (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds  for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.  Willis.)
0	Eight dead, 46 injured in French motorway pileup (AFP) AFP - Eight people were killed and 46 injured, most of them Portuguese coach passengers, in a pile-up of five vehicles on a motorway in southwest France, authorities said.
2	Fundamental Flaws at Wild Oats Disappointing results reflect flaws in the business model, not an "aberration."
0	Aftershocks continue to rattle quake-stricken Niigata Strong aftershocks continued to rattle Niigata Prefecture on Monday after a series of devastating quakes on Saturday night left 25 people dead and more than 2,500 others injured, the Meteorological Agency and police said.
1	Reds decide not to re-sign Larkin Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds have scheduled a press conference for 4 pm (et) today, at which time the club is expected to announce that shortstop Barry Larkin will not be re-signed.
0	US fails to bring UN into Iran nuclear case VIENNA The United States once again failed Friday to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency to refer Iran #39;s nuclear program to the United Nations Security Council, accepting instead a repetition of calls for the country to stop uranium enrichment 
3	Hubble's deepest shot is a puzzle Cosmologists may have to reassess their understanding of the evolution of the early Universe after surprising new data from the Hubble Space Telescope.
0	Stocks Slip on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp. issued a disappointing earnings report...
0	Congo officials claim Rwanda troops attacking Senior Congolese officials charged Tuesday that Rwandan President Paul Kagame had made good on his threat to invade, claiming Rwandan troops had crossed into eastern Congo and were clashing with militias there.
2	Iraq #39;s Allawi due in Russia for oil, debt talks MOSCOW, Dec 3 (AFP) - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi arrives Monday in Moscow for the first time since taking office six months ago with hopes of soothing tensions over Russia #39;s opposition to the US-led war in his ravaged nation.
1	Sharapova, Hewitt struggle but win at Japan Open Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and top-seeded Lleyton Hewitt both struggled to three-set victories at the Japan Open on Wednesday.
1	Europe Leads US in Second Day of Golf #39;s Ryder Cup (Update1) Tiger Woods, with a new partner after losing twice on Friday with Phil Mickelson, won his first match of the Ryder Cup this morning to help the US cut into Europe #39;s lead at golf #39;s premier team event.
0	Origami peace gesture met with violence in Thailand A creative peace offering has been met with renewed violence in the troubled south of Thailand. Hours after 50 Thai army planes dropped some 100 million Japanese-style origami cranes over the predominantly 
2	Sony 2Q net profit rises, revenues dip MUMBAI: Electronics and entertainment major Sony has reported a 61 per cent increase in net profit for the second quarter ended 30 September.. Sony #39;s net income rose to 53.2 billion yen (\$500 million) from 
1	Singh Drawn Against Langer in World Match Play Opener  LONDON (Reuters) - World number one Vijay Singh faces a  first-round encounter with victorious European Ryder Cup  captain Bernhard Langer in the World Match Play Championship at  Wentworth Thursday.
3	Intel Launches Next-Gen Chip After 10 years in the making and multiple delays, Intel released its state-of-the-art 64-bit Itanium microprocessor on Tuesday. The microprocessor, which is designed for servers and workstations, is based 
0	Bigley granted Irish passport The Irish government has given Kenneth Bigley - kidnapped in Iraq - an Irish passport in a bid to stress his non-British roots. It was issued following appeals from his family and his dual citizenship means 
2	Dollar Up Vs. Most Except Yen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose against almost every  one of its main counterparts except the yen on Friday, as  technically focused investors shifted positions and considered  the implications of spiking oil prices.
1	Safin gains first title in two years Marat Safin won his first title in two years, beating Mikhail Youzhny 7-6 (4), 7-5 Sunday in an all-Russian final. Safin, a former US Open champion who has been struggling since an injury-plagued 2003, advanced to No.
2	ANALYSIS-Fiat Unlikely to Hit the GM  #39;Put #39; Button, for Now Italians are nervous Fiat will take the extreme option of hiving off its auto arm to General Motors in 2005, but analysts say it is unlikely to sell until the 105-year-old carmaker is clear of crisis.
2	Linux wins heart of global SAP user Switzerland's EndressHauser (International) Holding AG, a global supplier of process control systems, has migrated all its business applications from SAP AG to a mainframe running the open-source Linux operating system.
2	Huttner departs from Virgin Air New Zealand will increase services to Western Australia, operating daily direct services between Auckland and Perth during the Australian summer.
3	Using X-Ray Vision, He Keeps His Eye on the Bacteria Dr. C. Erec Stebbins talks about using a nearly 100-year-old investigative tool to identify the bacterial proteins that cause disease.
1	NBA Wrap: McGrady Leads Rockets to Stunning Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tracy McGrady hit a running 3-pointer  with 1.7 seconds left on the clock to give the Houston Rockets  a dramatic 81-80 win over the San Antonio Spurs in National  Basketball Association play Thursday in Houston.
1	Top seed Suarez loses at SEAT Open Spain #39;s Anabel Medina Garrigues eliminated Paola Suarez in the top-seeded Argentine #39;s opening match at the US\$225,000 (euro176,000) SEAT Open, rallying to win 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 on Thursday and reach the quarterfinals.
1	Sharapova Tops Venus in Swisscom Challenge (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova needed just more than an hour to defeat Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 in the quarterfinals of the Swisscom Challenge on Friday.
1	Shevchenko nets European Footballer of Year award Paris, France (Sports Network) - AC Milan and Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko was named the European Footballer of the Year Monday.
0	Bush Considering Tougher Syria Sanctions-Officials  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration is  considering tightening U.S. economic sanctions on Syria to put  pressure on Damascus to pull its troops out of Lebanon and  crack down on terrorism, administration officials said on  Friday.
2	Lloyds TSB Says Profit Will Fall 23 After Unit Sales (Update2) Lloyds TSB Group Plc, the UK #39;s fifth-largest bank by assets, said annual pretax profit may fall 23 percent, after earnings doubled last year on proceeds from the sale of its businesses in New Zealand and Brazil.
0	Berlusconi Accused of Using Bill to Save Buddy  ROME (Reuters) - The Italian government on Wednesday sped  up parliamentary approval of a law that could overturn the  corruption convictions of a close friend of Prime Minister  Silvio Berlusconi, sparking fury among opposition politicians.
1	New tradition starts in California For 54 years, Labor Day weekend meant one thing to NASCAR: a trip to Darlington Raceway for the Southern 500. No more. A new tradition will begin today with the Pop Secret 
1	IOC Urges Beijing Not to Copy Athens The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has urged Beijing to ensure the city is ready to host the 2008 Games well in advance, an official said on Wednesday.
3	News: Filipino mobe users scammed over virus scare Unscrupulous Filipino phone shops are cashing on recent stories about mobile phone viruses to flog worried punters services they don't need.
3	Majesco picks up Phantom Dust for US release Xbox-exclusive title Phantom Dust has been acquired for US release by publisher Majesco, after developer Microsoft Game Studios declined to launch the title outside Japan earlier this year.
0	LABOUR IN BRIGHTON: TONY #39;S TOP TEN TONY Blair made an impassioned appeal for Labour to put Iraq behind them as he outlined 10 policy pledges to win a historic third term in power.
0	Scientists pinpoint Yushchenko poison  LONDON -- Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said yesterday.
2	Merck takes down the Dow NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - US stocks traded mixed Thurday as Merck shares lost a quarter of their value, dragging blue chips lower, but the Nasdaq moved higher, buoyed by gains in the semiconductor sector.
3	IBM claims fastest supercomputer on the planet Currently, the NEC-assembled Earth Simulator in Yokohama, Japan is ranked at number one, with its 5,120 processors recording an operating speed of 35.
0	Strasbourg plot suspects on trial The trial starts of 10 suspects in a failed attempt to blow up a Christmas market in Strasbourg in 2000.
0	UN nuclear watchdog chief says nuclear terrorism a real threat (AFP) AFP - The world must take immediate action against the real threat of nuclear terrorism to prevent a September 11-style outrage, the head of the UN's atomic energy watchdog agency warned.
1	Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:19 p.m. EDT). Game 7 of the NL championship series.
2	Supreme Court hears initial arguments regarding state bans on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Supreme Court heard initial arguments Tuesday regarding state laws in Michigan and New York that ban interstate sales of wines through the Internet.
3	Sun to Introduce Newest Version of Solaris Today Sun Microsystems plans to unveil the latest version of its flagship Solaris operating system and offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic computer users.
0	Two Lebanese Hostages Freed in Iraq - Lawyer  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi kidnappers have freed two Lebanese  men who were taken hostage west of Baghdad last month, their  company's lawyer said on Wednesday.
0	Bush, Kerry Forces Woo the Undecided (AP) AP - Put Barbara White down as undecided in the race for the White House.
2	Mitsubishi Motors to Sell \$2 Bln of Loans to Merrill (Update1) Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. as part of a plan to help the automaker reduce debt.
0	Kuwait a half mast; Amir condoles death of Sheikh Zayed KUWAIT (Agencies): HH the Amir Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah sent on Tuesday a cable of condolences to Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi Sheikh Khalifah bin Zayed Nahayan on the demise of the President of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al 
3	Microsoft Still Hopes to Settle With EU Even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.
1	Browns kept Lewis under wraps all day CLEVELAND - Baltimore running back Jamal Lewis said he  quot;was satisfied #39; #39; with his performance yesterday, which was an odd reaction to a day in which he carried the ball 20 times for 57 yards.
2	Merrill Profit Falls on Lower Trading  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Merrill Lynch    Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MER.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MER.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said third-quarter profit fell 8  percent, hurt by reduced trading in debt and equity markets  which pushed revenue below expectations.
0	Haitians Pray for 1,500 Killed by Jeanne (AP) AP - In a cathedral ankle-deep in mud and overturned pews, Haitians prayed for 1,500 killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne and gave thanks for their lives  #151; though most lost homes and belongings  #151; while the United Nations rushed in hundreds more peacekeepers to stem looting by gangsters and ordinary citizens of the ravaged city of Gonaives.
3	New Windows Planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp. announced yesterday that it will leave out some planned features from its next major operating system to meet a goal of rolling out a new version of Windows in the second half of 2006.
0	Congress Leads Exit Polls in Key Indian State (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling center-left Congress\party was heading for victory in elections in the key western\state of Maharashtra that the heart of business and Bollywood,\television exit polls showed on Wednesday.
0	Powell Reaffirms Commitment of U.S. Aid (AP) AP - Ahead of his firsthand look at the tsunami's devastation, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday the United States has responded appropriately to what he called one of the world's greatest catastrophes.
2	UPDATE 1-Former Enron asst treasurer strikes plea deal A former assistant treasurer at Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to plead guilty to conspiracy to committing securities fraud on Tuesday and will cooperate 
3	Authorities to use info-sharing portal during debate While President Bush and Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) square off in their second debate tonight in St. Louis, more than two dozen federal, state and local law enforcement 
1	Terps Deny Musketeers Maryland's women's basketball team pulls out a tough 74-72 victory over Xavier when it blocks Kristy Wallner's attempt to tie the game for Xavier in the closing seconds.
1	Spain: Real Madrid crush Levante Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid ended a two-game winless slide with a 5-0 Spanish league victory over seventh-placed Levante at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday.
2	Space-age sport  GPS is invading recreational sports. Under clear skies, those signals beaming to earth from satellites can find you on a hilly running trail, in a kayak on the ocean, or on a green fairway where you're trying to fade a 230-yard drive into the wind.
2	Flextronics Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Flextronics International Ltd.,  the No. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on Monday posted a  quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics  equipment that it makes for brand-name customers.
0	Older Voters Worry About Iraq as Well as Drug Costs (Reuters) Reuters - Give elderly voters in\this up-for-grabs Philadelphia suburb an opportunity to air\their fears about health care, and they will. But chances are\the topic will quickly turn to Iraq instead.
1	Chelsea, Villa Draw 0-0 in Premiership; Arsenal Wins (Update1) Chelsea drew 0-0 with Aston Villa in English soccer #39;s Premiership, failing to win for the first time this season. Arsenal kept its 100 percent record with a 3-0 defeat of Fulham to open a two-point lead atop the standings.
0	Brazil Official Eyes Secret Military Files A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
0	Brazil Rejects U.S. Call for Haiti Crackdown  BRASILIA, Brazil, (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers in Haiti  will not respond to international pressure to "use violence"  against armed gangs and will rebuild the country as a  "peacekeeping force, not an occupying force," the mission's  Brazilian commander said on Thursday.
3	Ceefax marks 30 years of service The BBC's teletext service, Ceefax, celebrates 30 years as tributes pour in from the worlds of news and sport.
1	Red Sox Look to Reverse the Curse with Game 7 Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the Boston Red Sox and New York  Yankees meet in Game Seven of the American League Championship  Series on Wednesday the result could produce the greatest  comeback in Major League history.
2	Bears drive at \$55? Stocks set to start the new week lower as oil futures set yet another record. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The continued upward push of oil prices is likely to send stock prices lower when US markets begin trading Monday.
1	Roddick vs. Voltchkov opens Davis Cup semifinal Andy Roddick will play Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to open the Davis Cup semifinal between the United States and Belarus. Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish was drawn Thursday to face Max Mirnyi in the second singles match.
1	Garden fightfest fit for a King Phase one of promoter Don King #39;s plan to unify the heavyweight championship kicks off at Madison Square Garden tonight with two of the four widely recognized title belts up for grabs and a host of other boxers jockeying for position.
1	England panic without hero ANDY Flintoff is one of those rare sportsmen who can enhance his stature simply by not playing. India captain Saurav Ganguly tried to put his finger on it at Lord #39;s, explaining:  quot;England are a far different side without him.
0	Flames Engulf Mosque in Netherlands (AP) AP - Flames engulfed a mosque in southeastern Netherlands early Saturday, the latest in a string of fires at Muslim institutions since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker who was critical of Islam.
1	Ching saves best for last KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Without one World Cup qualifier under his belt and only a pair of appearances for the US National Team to speak of, there stood Brian Ching at midfield waiting to enter the match with his team down 1-0 to Jamaica. 
3	First Look: Microsoft Small Business Accounting Software giant tailors new version of office suite for small-business users.
1	Roger Clemens wins his sixth straight start as Astros beat Brewers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Roger Clemens could scarcely contain his glee, practically skipping off the mound and pumping his fist after his final strikeout of the night.
2	Oil Futures Rise to Record as Iraq Fighting Threatens Exports Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures rose to a record, surpassing \$49 a barrel in New York, on concern clashes in southern Iraq between US troops and Shiite Muslim militiamen may cut exports. 
0	Black Watch soldier killed One member of the Black Watch battlegroup has been killed and two more have been injured - one possibly seriously - in an incident north of Camp Dogwood, the Ministry of Defence said.
3	Siemens awarded 2G/3G network extension in Malaysia Malaysia #39;s Maxis Communications Bhd. (Maxis) has selected Siemens as one of its 2G and 3G/UMTS infrastructure suppliers. Under the terms of the three- year framework contract, the Siemens Communications Group 
2	Consumer Prices and Housing Starts Surge  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Surging energy costs drove U.S.  consumer prices up a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent  last month, the biggest jump since May, while housing starts  showed the most strength since December, government reports  showed on Wednesday.
2	Gas Tops \$2/Gallon, 2.9 Cents from Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The average weekly retail price for  U.S. gasoline topped \$2 a gallon to reach the third-highest  level ever recorded by the government, the Energy Department  said on Monday.
2	China, India and Pakistan stall WTO talks on textile quotas GENEVA: Major textile exporters China, Pakistan and India on Thursday stalled talks at the World Trade Organisation on assistance for smaller textile-producing developing countries likely to be affected by the end of import quotas next January, diplomats 
3	Researchers Study Drunken Rats (AP) AP - A collection of drunken rats is helping University of North Carolina researchers understand how brains repair themselves after chronic drinking  #151; and possibly find new ways to help alcoholics recover full mental capacity.
3	RIAA launches P2P file sharing legal blitz The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) continued its hard line approach to music sharing across P2P networks with a round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal file sharers.
2	Qantas Says British Airways Sold Stake Qantas said Thursday that British Airways has sold its 18.25 percent stake in the Australian carrier at 3.28 Australian dollars (US\$2.
3	GTA sequel is criminally good The newest release in the GTA franchise, San Andreas, could be the best yet,
3	AMD, IBM Improve Processor Performance Companies will use strained silicon to boost transistor speed.
0	Powerful Typhoon Hits Southern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon in southern Japan caused landslides and floods, left tens of thousands without power, and injured at least 23 people. In the western part of the country, a strong aftershock stuck Tuesday, hours after two major quakes injured 43 people.
3	Skulls mobile trojan learns Bluetooth The Skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves (thats why its called a trojan).
2	Quarter of families struggle to pay their bills, study says One out of every four working American families earns wages so low they struggle to survive financially, according to a report due out today.
1	Packers end skid with 38-10 win Dont put a fork in the Green Bay Packers yet. The team that began the season by whipping the Carolina Panthers on the road resurfaced Sunday at Ford Field and did the same to the Detroit Lions.
3	Go west, tech job hunter California was home to more than a quarter of new tech jobs posted in September, a recent study indicates.
0	Soldiers rush supplies to storm-hit Filipinos Philippine soldiers have rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopters to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks that have left more than 1,300 people dead or missing.
2	Simmering Trade Disputes Will Greet Bush in Canada Chief among the trade disputes on the table will be a disagreement over the United States' 27 percent duty on Canadian softwood lumber.
2	AIG Gets Wells Notice From SEC The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering a civil action against American International Group Inc. and its AIG Financial Products Corp.
1	Bobcats Sign Veteran Guard Smith  CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Sports Network) - The Charlotte  Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on  Thursday.
0	Audit Lays Blames for Fla. Database Errors (AP) AP - Florida elections officials were lax in their oversight of the company that created a flawed database of felons and dead voters, but there was no intent to disenfranchise anyone, an internal audit of the project found.
3	Overture Extends MSN Relationship Pasadena-based Overture Services, the subsidiary of Yahoo Inc. which provides keyword-based search advertising, announced that it has extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft.
2	CommScope Shares Plunge 3Q on Sales View Shares of CommScope Inc. fell more than 20 percent in the extended session Monday after the maker of coaxial and fiber-optic cables revised its sales outlook and announced plans for cost reductions and price increases.
3	Security threats outside the PC Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
1	Ruud to the rescue Man Utd needed a Ruud van Nistelrooy double to secure a 2-2 draw away to Lyon in their Champions League opener. Utd were heading for a stunning defeat until the intervention of the Dutch goal machine, who 
1	Tennis: Flying Finn Nieminen knocks off Nalbandian for third semi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING : Flying Finn Jarkko Nieminen soared into his third semi-final of the season, stunning third seed David Nalbandian 6-2, 2-6, 6-2 at the 500,000-dollar China Open.
3	Cassini Flies Past Saturn #39;s Moon Titan Today NASA released one of the best pictures ever made of Saturn #39;s moon Titan as the Cassini spacecraft begins a close-up inspection of the satellite today.
0	White House Expects Steady Economic Growth (AP) AP - The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.
3	Microsoft Desktop Search Beta Coming Soon News.com reports in the article: Microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool, that the company will offer up a beta release of a desktop search by the end of this year.
2	Marsh   McLennan: 5 Top Execs Leave Board  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  insurance broker accused by New York's Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer of bid-rigging fraud, on Thursday said five senior  executives stepped down from its board of directors.
1	New team name coming Monday; Guillen acquired from Angels WASHINGTON - On the day the Montreal Expos got a new name, they also bolstered the offense with the acquisition of outfielder Jose Guillen from the Angels.
2	NZ stocks: Sharemarket softens, but Air NZ takes off The Australian Competition Tribunal today gave the greenlight to a proposed alliance between the airline and Qantas -- the same tie-up scuttled last month on this side of the Tasman by the High Court.
3	Freelancer Wins Big in Canadian 'Tasini' Case (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - CHICAGO In a Canadian version of the U.S. Supreme Court's Tasini decision on copyrights, a divided Ontario Appeals Court Thursday declared that The Globe and Mail violated a freelance writer's copyright when it republished her articles online and in electronic databases.
0	Iraqis, U.S. Hail Falluja Success, Threats Remain  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqi government and U.S.  commanders declared their offensive on rebel-held Falluja a  success on Thursday but U.S. troops still faced dangers in the  city and guerrillas attacked elsewhere in Iraq.
1	Broadhurst keeps promise to wife in Madrid Paul Broadhurst #39;s wife gave him the go-ahead to play this week #39;s Madrid Open after the birth of their son a month ago -- provided he did well -- and he has responded by taking over the second round lead.
3	Beauty creams then and now - the same Archeologists found a small container with a whitish medicinal or cosmetic cream made up of animal fat, starch and tin oxide. Researchers writing in the November edition of the British magazine Nature say 
0	Election of the new Prime Minister takes place today afternoon ISLAMABAD: The National Assembly will meet in a special session at the Parliament House in Islamabad Friday at 4:00 pm (PST) to ascertain the new leader of the house.
0	Zarqawi rallies fighters in new tape An audiotape purportedly from a leader of forces opposed to the US-led government in Iraq has urged fighters supporters to brace for new battles against US forces after the assault on Falluja.
3	Personal Solar Panels Could Help Power Mobile Devices Mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
3	Is This What the Big Bang Sounded Like? Using data from a NASA satellite, an astronomer has simulated the sound that he says followed the birth of the universe. &lt;i&gt;Includes audio.&lt;/i&gt;
0	'Tax super-rich at 50' proposal Hit the super-rich with a 50 inheritance tax and allow cuts for the middle class, says a leading think tank.
1	** For the latest news, please refresh this page regularly ** Finally...the most anticipated fight of the year is upon us. I guess there #39;s really no need to bore you with an analytical breakdown of how the fight #39;s going to play out since everybody and their 
2	INTRERVIEW-Thomson Corp. CEO says buying binge to cool Electronic publisher Thomson Corp. (TOC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) will wind down its recent \$1.5 billion buying spree because it needs to successfully integrate 
3	Courtesy KHOU-TV After SpaceShipOne and its veteran pilot survived a whirling, nail-biting ascent Wednesday, the pioneering team that pulled off the private space journey could be just days from a second trip that would guarantee a multimillion-dollar bounty.
2	Microsoft tops estimates Microsoft Corp. on Thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
0	Hungarian Lawmakers Reject Iraq Extension (AP) AP - The Hungarian parliament on Monday rejected a government proposal to extend the stay of 300 non-combat troops in Iraq by three months until March 31, 2005.
3	Standard Bank aims to improve card risk management Company says Triad provides modules for behavior scoring, Champion-Challenger strategy testing, and authorizations, credit limit and delinquent collections management.
2	October Airline Traffic Up at Independence NEW YORK, Nov. 4 -- Low-cost carriers Southwest Airlines Inc., JetBlue Airways Corp. and Independence Air on Thursday reported upbeat October passenger traffic figures, signaling greater demand for air travel and lifting airline stock prices.
2	Pain in store after major drug recall As many as 15,000 New Zealanders will be forced to find an alternative form of pain relief after the worldwide recall of the drug Vioxx, which has been found to double the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
0	Strong Earthquake Kills One in Caribbean (AP) AP - A strong earthquake rocked the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe early Sunday, killing a child, destroying numerous homes and knocking out power to thousands of people.
0	At ancient site, a very modern debate -- over traffic SALISBURY, England -- Whoever built Stonehenge, the 5,000-year-old circle of megaliths that towers over green fields in southern England and lures a million visitors a year, could not have planned for the automobile.
3	Nvidia Shores Up Development Gap with Intel Pact Under a cross-licensing agreement with Intel, Nvidia will be able to develop its nForce platform for Pentium chips. The agreement will give the graphics chip maker a boost in its race to keep 
2	Auto Stocks Surge After Weak Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  led a late-day rally in auto stocks, one day after the world's  largest automaker posted dismal U.S. sales results for August  and cut vehicle production.
0	Ukraine rivals face off in 'battleground' eastern region (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's presidential rivals both stumped for votes in this eastern industrial city, a key swing constituency where liberal intellectuals compete for influence with some of the country's most entrenched business interests.
0	Fla. Democrats Hope for More Cuban American Votes (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats are pouncing on what they say\is a slip in support for President Bush among Florida's Cuban\Americans, who backed him overwhelmingly in 2000 and have been\staunchly behind Republicans in presidential elections.
1	Wenger plays down reported bust-up on Arsenal team bus Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger on Friday dismissed the reported bust-up between his two major players as just  quot;a storm in a tea cup quot;.
3	Global server revenue up 8 percent in second quarter Worldwide server revenue surpassed 11.5 billion US dollars in the second quarter of 2004, up 7.7 percent from the same quarter a year ago, according to a study released Wednesday by Gartner.
3	SanDisk doubles capacity of memory cards SanDisk has announced it is doubling the current maximum capacities of a range of its cards. SanDisk #39;s Memory Stick PRO, Memory Stick PRO Duo and SD cards are now available in 4GB, 1GB and 2GB capacities ranging in price from \$199 - \$799.
1	Americans falter, while Ward faces an uphill climb Andre Ward was in the hallway waiting to fight when he got his first glimpse of the fighter standing between him and an Olympic medal. 
3	A Touchy Debate Over Voting With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Bush Acknowledges Iraq 'Miscalculation' WASHINGTON - President Bush, undertaking a heavy campaign schedule in key states in the run-up to the Republican National Convention, acknowledges a "miscalculation" about what the United States would encounter in post-war Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime.    In an interview with The New York Times, Bush said for the first time that he made a "miscalculation of what the conditions would be" after U.S...
3	Regulators promise 'light touch' on BPL ARLINGTON, VA - Members of three state public utilities promised a light regulatory touch on broadband over power line (BPL) service as electric companies begin to experiment with the alternative to traditional high-speed Internet service.
1	Megson hands backing to Purse West Brom boss Gary Megson has defended Darren Purse following Fulham manager Chris Coleman #39;s verbal attack on the Baggies centre-back.
0	Series of explosions mark ETA's return At least seven small bombs have exploded in Spain's seaside resorts this month.
3	With Russia's Nod, Treaty on Emissions Clears Last Hurdle Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
3	Apple Expo 2004 Paris It was standing room only at Le Palais des Congr #232;s in Paris as Phil Schiller kicked off Apple Expo 2004 with a rousing keynote introducing the iMac G5. Read a report and view a photo gallery. Aug 31
0	Website claims hostage is dead A POSTING on an Islamic Internet site today said that an al-Qaeda-linked group had killed British hostage Kenneth Bigley. The claim could not immediately be verified, but surfaced on a website usually used 
1	Herm Gives Yank Fans a PEP Talk HEMPSTEAD, NY - Herman Edwards had words of advice for Yankees #39; fans feeling sorry for themselves or angry at their team for blowing their 3-0 ALCS lead to the Boston Red Sox.
0	Iraq Minister Blasts Iran, Syria, Says Aid Zarqawi (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim defense minister accused\neighbors Iran and Syria on Wednesday of aiding al Qaeda\Islamist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and former agents of Saddam\Hussein to promote a "terrorist" insurgency in Iraq.
0	Daschle Faces Tough Test in Tight South Dakota Race (Reuters) Reuters - South Dakota truck driver Mark\Monahan says he's had enough of Tom Daschle. So do top\Republicans who have made the U.S. Senate's No. 1 Democrat a\bull's-eye target for removal from the national scene.
2	US, EU take Boeing, Airbus dispute to WTO WASHINGTON -- Intensifying a high-altitude trade war, the United States and the European Union filed dueling legal complaints at the World Trade Organization yesterday, charging each other with showering illegal subsidies on The Boeing Co.
3	Largest Quake Since Oct. Hits St. Helens (AP) AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
3	Corel buys Paint Shop Pro maker Jasc Corel Corporation has bought Jasc Software, the publishers of the highly rated Paintshop Pro graphics software. The buy out strengthens Corel #39;s already strong presence in the PC graphics market - particularly 
2	EU Clears Disney-Columbia British Venture European Union regulators Thursday cleared a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company, Columbia Pictures Corp. Ltd., and Britain #39;s ON Demand Group to provide a video-on-demand service in Britain and Ireland.
1	Double overtime does in Terriers First-year coach Kelly Greenberg brought her Boston University squad to Philadelphia yesterday to face the team she played for in the late '80s. After 50 minutes of basketball, Greenberg had to leave the City of Brotherly Love with a loss, an 89-87 double-overtime thriller against La Salle.
0	Allawi Says Democratic Forces Succeeding in Iraq Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi told Congress on Thursday Iraq would hold elections in January despite the flaring insurgency, and urged the US-led coalition not to bow to terrorist forces.
1	Kobe Bryant in court (EAGLE, Colo.) - NBA star Kobe Bryant has arrived at his sexual assault trial for the first time. Bryant is in Eagle, Colorado, as attorneys in the case prepare to question individual potential jurors behind closed doors.
3	Internet Retailers Reaching Out to Mailbox Surfers E-commerce sites have been dabbling in catalogs for the past few years, but now theyre getting more serious, with more sites mailing more catalogs than ever.
0	Kidnapped British Woman Begs for Life The kidnapped British director of CARE International has made another plea urging Britain to withdraw troops from Iraq. In a video aired on Arab TV, Margaret Hassan asked for the aid organization to close its offices in Iraq.
1	New Orleans Quarterback Aaron Brooks Tweaks Strained Right Thigh in Game Against Green Bay (AP) AP - New Orleans quarterback Aaron Brooks tweaked his strained right thigh and hobbled off the field in the second quarter of the Saints' game against the Green Bay Packers on Saturday night.
2	The Wal-Mart Holiday Shopping Song: Online and Off According to data from Nielsen//NetRatings #39;, Holiday eShopping Index, which tracks shopping activity at over 100 retail and shopping Web sites across ten categories, the number of unique online shoppers on the day after Thanksgiving jumped 11 compared to 
0	Sri Lanka attack raises tension Sinhalas and Tamils clash again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus leaves one person dead.
1	Vick #39;s aggressive move sets tone for one-sided division rivalry CHARLOTTE -- So often in today #39;s rich-get-richer corporate climate of the NFL, everybody seems to get along just swimmingly. The league #39;s management and the players union have to endure charges of being entirely 
3	Court Finds RIM  Violated Patent; Case Continues A U.S. appeals court ruled Tuesday that Research In Motion, maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, infringed on another company's patent  --  but sent the case back to a lower court for some of the claims to be reconsidered.
2	Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Shares of device maker Possis Medical (Nasdaq: POSS) are down 38 to \$19.20 after the company cut its fiscal 2005 earnings outlook after a trial involving its AngioJet blood clot treatment yielded disappointing results.
2	Wal-Mart September Sales Up 10.8 Percent Retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Thursday that its net sales grew 10.8 percent in September, helped by a boost from its international division and strong sales at Wal-Mart locations.
3	HP forms new blade group Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) announced on Monday that it has formed a new division within its Enterprise Storage and Servers Group chartered with unifying the company's blade system development efforts.
0	Sudan complains of ill treatment by UN KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP-CP) - Sudan said today that the UN chief didn #39;t give it enough credit for its efforts to restore calm in Darfur and get help to the region #39;s people, and said it hoped the Security Council would take greater notice.
3	FBI Charges Hacker With Selling Stolen Windows Source Code A Connecticut man was arrested Tuesday by the FBI and charged with selling stolen source code of Windows NT and Windows 2000. William P. Genovese, 27, of Meriden, Conn.
0	Howard #39;s anti terror teams rejected Malaysia has hit out at Australian plans to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, saying it #39;s capable of dealing with any terrorism threat on its own.
1	Brown becomes ugly American Larry Brown couldn #39;t help himself, or the reputation of his country. He could have watched the clock wind down, accept the victory, but instead he had to be so very American.
1	Johnson fights off pain, grabs league lead in receptions Bee Staff Writers. SAN FRANCISCO - As Eric Johnson drove to the stadium Sunday morning, his bruised ribs were so sore, he wasn #39;t sure he #39;d be able to suit up for the game.
3	IBM in Major RFID Expansion IBM (Quote, Chart) said it would spend a quarter of a billion dollars over the next year and a half to grow its RFID (define) business.
3	Ballmer Bearish on Linux Microsoft (Quote, Chart) CEO Steve Ballmer urged Asian government leaders not to take sides in the Linux versus Windows debate.  quot;We recommend to all governments that they not get emotionally involved in preferring 
2	Eurozone economy hit with flood of bad news (AFP) AFP - The eurozone economy got slapped with a wave of bad news that highlighted a third-quarter slowdown, a decline in industrial activity and a stagnant job market.
1	International finale at RFK? With RFK Stadium being transformed into a baseball stadium for at least the next three years to house the former Montreal Expos, tonight #39;s World Cup qualifier between Panama and the United States 
0	Rumsfeld: Iraq Security to Be Boosted Ahead of Poll  ABOARD USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (Reuters) - Defense Secretary  Donald Rumsfeld said on Saturday that some 40,000 new Iraqi  recruits are expected to join the country's fledgling security  forces ahead of January elections.
1	Jets' Josh Evans Out With Back Injury (AP) AP - Jets defensive tackle Josh Evans is out for Sunday's game against the San Diego Chargers with a back injury.
2	Asian Stocks Head South on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares dipped on Thursday, as\tech shares followed U.S. counterparts lower after an\influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
3	Female Suicide Bombers: Dying to Kill As a spate of suicide bombings around the world in recent years has shown, the face of terror is increasingly female.
1	COL FB: NorCarolina 30, NC State 24 A North Carolina goal line stand as time ran out Saturday night enabled the Tar Heels to post a 30-24 win over the No. 25 North Carolina State Wolfpack.
3	Texas Firm Targets Teens With Package Of Digital Features Teenagers tend to like instant messaging, TV watching, net surfing, music listening, and shopping, so an Austin, Texas, company has decided to package digital features coveted by teenagers in a PC targeted specifically at teenaged ...
1	One more NBA setback -- the last? -- for unfulfilled Mashburn At 6-feet-8, 250 pounds, he came into the NBA in 1993 as the fourth pick overall by the Dallas Mavericks following his junior year, when he was a first-team All-American for Rick Pitino at Kentucky.
2	Stewart to keep \$900,000 salary Though she #39;s headed for prison, Martha Stewart will still receive her \$900,000 salary and possible bonuses under a new employment contract, her company said in 
2	UPDATE 1-Court clears Air Canada restructuring plan A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plan of arrangement with its creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the world #39;s 11th largest airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end 
3	Pair accused of cracking software Two men accused of putting copied computer programmes on the internet saw themselves as "latter-day Robin Hoods", a court hears.
0	MI encouraged us to torture, says US soldier BERLIN, AUGUST 29: A US soldier expected to plead guilty to charges of abusing Iraqi prisoners told a German magazine he deeply regretted his actions but said the abuses were encouraged by Military Intelligence.
0	Tampa Newspaper Withholds Endorsement (AP) AP - In a break with tradition, The Tampa Tribune, a Republican standard-bearer for decades, refused Sunday to endorse anyone for president for the first time since 1964.
0	Nepalese Rebel Blockade Cuts Roads to Kathmandu, Reuters Says Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Road traffic to Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, stopped as communist rebels began a blockade of the city to demand the release of insurgents, Reuters reported. 
0	U.S. Worries Over Election Terror Threat WASHINGTON - As the election draws nearer, U.S. officials are increasingly concerned al-Qaida terrorists will mount a devastating attack to try to disrupt the political process...
0	Clinton recovering after heart op Former US President Bill Clinton's heart bypass operation is successful, say doctors in New York.
0	US patient load surges at military hospital in Germany LANDSTUHL, Germany - The number of injured US military personnel arriving at the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center this week -ost from the offensive against insurgents in the Iraqi city of Fallujah  -ched its highest level since April, a US 
2	Germany Cuts Deutsche Telekom Stake  FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) - Germany sold 6.3 percent in  phone operator Deutsche Telekom on Monday, raising up to 4.4  billion euros (\$5.5 billion) as part of a privatization drive  to help it tackle a burgeoning budget deficit.
2	China #39;s central bank has no timetable for more flexible exchange &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : China, invited to the table of the world #39;s top financial powers for the first time, did not appear to buckle to pressure to speed up moves to adjust or end a currency peg that many say distorts global trade flows.
0	Ridge: Convention Security Measures Solid (AP) AP - Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said Wednesday that security measures for the Republican National Convention are as strong and well-coordinated as officials have had for any event.
3	Pacific May Be Seeing New El Nino (AP) AP - Warming water temperatures in the central equatorial Pacific last month may indicate the start of a new El Nino.
1	Carling Cup Wednesday Wrap: Big Guns Progress Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea all made it through to the quarter finals of the Carling Cup on Wednesday night. First-half goals from Louis Saha and Kieron Richardson saw Manchester United to a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace at Old Trafford.
2	WTO rules for EU in US trade row The World Trade Organisation gives the EU and seven countries the chance to impose sanctions in retaliation for a US anti-dumping law.
2	Marsh woes deepen after credit lines are threatened Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US insurance broker accused of rigging the market to win bogus fees from customers, yesterday warned lines of credit from lenders 
1	UPDATE 1-Five-wicket Gillespie puts Australia in control Jason Gillespie captured five wickets as Australia bowled India out for a paltry 185 to take a commanding 213-run lead on the third day of the third test on Thursday.
2	President Hu expounds proposal for ties with L. America Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao on Friday proposed political, economic and cultural measures to boost ties between China and Latin America.
1	Team spends \$21.24 million for SkyDome TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays agreed to buy SkyDome, the team #39;s ballpark, for about \$21.24 million. The 50,000-seat stadium, which opened in 1989, cost about \$375 million to construct and was mostly funded by taxpayers.
1	Arsenal manager Wenger dismisses Real link Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reconfirmed his commitment to the English premier league club on Friday, saying that he would sign a new contract before the end ofthe year.
0	11.10 / 17:48  0 President Roh says N. Korea won #39;t  #39;go to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Astana - Hanoi, October 11 KAZINFORM -- President Roh Moo-hyun said Monday he did not expect North Korea to go to extremes over the issue of its nuclear weapons development program.
0	PM appreciates India, Pak. are committed to dialogue New Delhi, Sept. 6 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, today appreciated that both New Delhi and Islamabad were committed to the dialogue process as Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri, called on him here.
0	Sadr refuses to meet with peace delegation NAJAF, Iraq -- Radical Shi #39;ite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr refused yesterday to meet with a delegation of Iraqi political figures that had rushed here from Baghdad with a last-ditch offer for peace, ...
2	Army to Rebid Halliburton Contract -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Army plans within months to  break up Halliburton Co.'s contract to provide support services  for U.S. troops in Iraq -- valued at up to \$13 billion -- and  open the work to competitive bids, the Wall Street Journal said  on Tuesday, citing an internal Army memorandum.
1	El Guerrouj and Kaouch Lead Into 1,500 Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - Moroccan duo Hicham El Guerrouj and Adil  Kaouch led the way into the Olympic men's 1,500 meters final  when they each won one of Saturday's semi-finals.
3	Russia #39;s space agency approves international space station #39;s next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW -- An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
0	Foreign National Shot Dead in Saudi Capital The Saudi Interior Ministry identified the foreigner as a Briton, and said he was killed Wednesday in a parking lot at a shopping center in eastern Riyadh.
0	United Likely to Terminate Pension Plans CHICAGO - Cash-strapped United Airlines said in a bankruptcy court filing Thursday that it "likely" will be necessary to terminate and replace its employee pension plans.    The carrier cited the size of further cost cuts and the need to find bankruptcy-exit financing as reasons for such a drastic move...
3	AMD Brings PCI Express to Athlon AMD (Quote, Chart) has climbed aboard the PCI Express train with its latest generation of Athlon64 processors, the company said. The Sunnyvale, Calif.
0	UN Council Heads to Kenya in Search of Sudan Peace  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Security Council  ambassadors were still quibbling over how best to pressure  Sudan and rebels to end two different wars in the country even  as they left for Kenya on Tuesday for a meeting on the crisis.
1	A's, Angels Set for Winner-Take-All Series (AP) AP - The biggest home run in rookie Bobby Crosby's career gave the Oakland Athletics a dramatic victory and set up a winner-take-all AL West showdown with the Anaheim Angels.
0	Bush, Annan Spar Over Iraq War at U.N. (AP) AP - After two years, the United States and the United Nations had hoped to take the spotlight off the bitterly divisive war in Iraq. It didn't happen. At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly, President Bush and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sparred over the war that can't escape the headlines.
2	Nintendo handheld to feature wireless downloading TOKYO--Nintendo president Satoru Iwata revealed on Thursday that the company #39;s dual-screen DS handheld gaming console can download game data wirelessly, then play it back.
1	Diamondbacks add free-agent Ortiz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After adding slugging third baseman Troy Glaus at baseball #39;s winter meetings, the Arizona Diamondbacks have turned their attention to pitching.
3	Losing sight of the countryside Migration to urban centres is exacerbating problems in the countryside, the World Urban Forum is told.
1	Fifa to probe Spain #39;s race abuse shame Football #39;s world governing body, Fifa, has said that it will launch a full investigation into the racist abuse meted out by Spanish spectators at England #39;s recent friendly international.
0	Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War AUSTIN, Texas - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.    Barnes, a Democrat who was one of the most powerful politicians in Texas in the '60s and '70s, said at an Austin campaign rally for Democrat John Kerry that he was "ashamed" for helping Bush and sons of other wealthy Texans avoid service in Vietnam...
0	Africans salute Yasser Arafat African leaders have expressed their sadness at the death of the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat. South Africa #39;s President Thabo Mbeki said Mr Arafat #39;s life was defined by unflinching sacrifice for his cause.
1	Route to make it a stiff test for Armstrong The route for next year #39;s Tour de France may provide the stiffest test yet for the six-times winner, Lance Armstrong. Or perhaps not.
2	Mortgage Applications Off in Aug. 20 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week after a brief bounce, as 30-year mortgage\interest rates edged up, an industry group said on Wednesday.
3	Maths breakthrough for reclusive Russian? Exeter - A reclusive Russian may have solved one of the world #39;s toughest mathematics problems and stands to win \$1-million (almost R7-million) - but he doesn #39;t appear to care.
0	Bomb Blasts Rock Kathmandu Nepal #39;s Maoist rebels opened fire and set off bombs at a government office in Kathmandu Friday, the third day of a blockade of the capital by Maoist rebels. 
3	Multimedia goes mobile at CTIA Mobile operators, content providers and other participants at the CTIA Wireless IT and Entertainment trade show this weekin San Franciscowill be gearing up for an expected boom in mobile multimedia in the U.S.
3	Intel: Volume shipments of Montecito expected in 2006 Montecito, the first dual-core processor based on Intel Corp.'s Itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives revealed during a conference call with the press Monday.
2	UPDATE: Australian Growth Likely Slowed Sharply In 3Q SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s economic growth likely slowed sharply in the third quarter, economists said Monday, with data showing a record current account deficit and foreign debt.
0	Orthodox Church leader dies in helicopter accident (AFP) AFP - The Patriarch of Alexandria, Peter VII, one of the most senior figures in the Greek Orthodox Church, was killed along with 16 others in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea, Church sources said.
1	Rain cancels Chase qualifying at New Hampshire Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Jeff Gordon will assume the pole position for Sunday #39;s Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire International Speedway after a steady rain washed out Friday #39;s qualifying session.
3	Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit (Reuters) Reuters - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has convened a\closed meeting for Thursday after two more major opponents of\the U.S. software giant withdrew from the case, a court\spokesman said on Wednesday.
3	Are You Ready for Election Day? The Internet's chock-full of information and persuasion to help you solidify your vote.  Here's a quick guide.
1	Lindley Leads LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge (AP) AP - Leta Lindley birdied seven holes Saturday to shoot a 6-under 65 and take a one-shot lead over two-time champion Juli Inkster after three rounds at the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge.
2	Tyco probed on oil-for-food SEC asks the conglomerate for information about participation in the defunct UN program in Iraq. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tyco International said the Securities and Exchange Commission asked it for information 
1	Hancock, homers hurt Chicago The Reds dealt Chicago #39;s playoff hopes a blow Tuesday night by using the Cubs #39; formula for winning: good starting pitching and home runs.
1	Yanks May Have to Pay to Send Giambi Away Even though the Yankees are trying to develop a case against Jason Giambi, they are skeptical about ever getting his contract voided.
2	Big Australian buyback BHP Billiton shareholders are about to be rewarded directly from the torrents of cash coursing through the giant resources group. Perversely, that may make some of them quite unhappy.
3	New Lava Dome Growing on Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Volcanic rock has flowed to the surface of Mount St. Helens' crater, creating a new lava dome after weeks of seismic activity, a geologist said Tuesday.
1	Chelsea closing on Premiership title If money can indeed buy happiness, then Chelsea may celebrate its first league title since 1955 when the Premiership season ends next May.
2	UPDATE 5-Interstate Bakeries files for bankruptcy Interstate Bakeries Corp. (IBC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of Hostess Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday after struggling with more than \$1.
0	Howard  #39;didn #39;t want #39; \$600 payment A LEAKED Cabinet document showed Prime Minister John Howard was originally against the \$600 child payment, Opposition Leader Mark Latham said today.
3	Oracle, Dell to boost grid standards Dell Inc. chairman Michael Dell announced a long-term partnership between his company and other hardware and software vendors to develop best practices in deploying a grid computing infrastructure.
3	Consumer Protection: Spam Ask Eileen Harrington, associate director of the FTC's consumer protection bureau, questions about spam and consumer fraud on the Internet.
0	Palestinian Leader Tries to Win Militant Truce  GAZA (Reuters) - The interim Palestine Liberation  Organization (PLO) leader hopes to persuade militants in talks  on Tuesday to halt attacks on Israel to allow a smooth election  for a successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said.
1	Hokies Stomp Broncos Bryan Randall throws for 253 yards and two touchdowns and Virginia Tech snaps a four-game losing streak with a 63-0 win over Western Michigan on Saturday.
0	Iraq to Probe if Army Massacre Was Inside Job  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad  Allawi Monday ordered an urgent investigation into whether the  weekend massacre of 49 Iraqi soldiers was an inside job,  sources close to Allawi told Reuters.
3	Toshiba Wins HD DVD Support from 4 in Hollywood  TOKYO (Reuters) - Toshiba Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6502.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6502.T&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from four  Hollywood studios, advancing its cause in the battle for the  next-generation DVD.
0	Syria Urged to Pull Troops From Lebanon (AP) AP - A senior U.S. diplomat urged Syria's president Saturday to withdraw his country's troops from Lebanon and stop interfering in internal Lebanese affairs, a message delivered at a time when Syrian-American relations have been particularly strained.
1	NCAA Game Summary - Oklahoma State at SMU Oklahoma State also holds an 8-3 mark in Dallas versus the Mustangs...Graham #39;s twin brother Stephen recorded nine points and a game-high 10 rebounds for the Cowboys...Bobik was 3-of-4 from long range. Dallas 
3	Mad Catz to Publish  #39;MC Groovz Dance Craze #39; Dance Game SAN DIEGO --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 2, 2004 -- Game To be Bundled with Nintendo-Licensed Beat Pad(TM) for the Nintendo GameCube(TM).
3	Red Hat Preps Enterprise Linux 4 CRN India: Red Hat aims to more deeply penetrate the enterprise by launching its first Linux distribution based on the Linux 2.6 kernel.
3	Celebrating Open Source Several organisations will celebrate Saturday #39;s International Software Freedom Day by hosting open source events around the country.
3	Four Geneva communities had the choice of voting online (Keystone) Of the 22,000 voters in Anieres, Cologny, Carouge and Meyrin, 2,723 chose to cast their votes online in four ballots on easing citizenship, introducing statutory maternity benefits nationwide, and preventing the closure of some 800 state-owned post offices 
3	First Look: A BlackBerry for Phone Lovers RIM's new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company's text-centric roots.
2	Before-the-Bell: FedEx Up After Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Shares FedEx Corp. (FDX.N) rose before\the bell on Monday, after the express shipping company raised\its earnings forecast for the first quarter and the full year,\citing strong demand for its services.
1	BEARS CAPTURE BOOKER The Chicago Bears have acquired hold-out Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye from the Miami Dolphins for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick.
3	PeopleSoft posts solid Q3 revenue growth PeopleSoft reported a 12 increase in revenue, to \$698.8 million, and a slight uptick in revenue from software license sales in the quarter that ended Sept. 30.
0	Taliban group claims hostages and vows: We will chop them up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARTIES were cancelled and the restaurants were deserted in Kabul this weekend. The Delhi Durbar, usually heaving on a Friday night with aid workers, United Nations staff, diplomats, and inter national consultants 
0	Sharon sees 'great historic opportunity' JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, insisting that Israel has no wish to rule over the Palestinians, declared yesterday that 2005 would be  quot;the year of a great historic opportunity quot; in the Middle East.
3	Microsoft, IE and Bloat \\Zawodny  threads off of Scoble  on the IE issue:\\"I have to say, when I first read that I nearly fell off my chair laughing. I was\thinking "how stupid ARE these IE guys?!?!?!" But we all know that Microsoft is\full of smart people who care about what they're doing. So something really\doesn't compute here."\\"Last time I checked, IE wasn't even close to feature parity with Mozilla's\browsers. No popup blocking, no tabbed browsing, etc."\\"Does the IE team really not know what their product is missing?"\\Perhaps.  It's highly likely that they just don't know.\\The bigger issue here is that Microsoft products can't fail and they can't\succeed.  Microsoft has 40-50 billion in the bank.  There ...\\
2	Goldman Group to Buy Cooper Tire Unit for \$1.17 Bln (Update1) A group led by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed to buy the Cooper Tire  amp; Rubber Co. business that makes automotive fluid-handling systems and other components for \$1.
0	UN Report: Effect of Sanctions On Terrorist Groups Unclear A United Nations (UN) report states that although the assets of the terrorist organization Al-Qaeda have been frozen, it is hard to tell what this means.
1	Expos reinstate Ohka, Rauch from disabled list The Montreal Expos reinstated right-handers Tomo Ohka and Jon Rauch from the 15-day disabled list Tuesday. The Expos initially though Ohka might miss the rest of the season with a broken right forearm after he was hit by a line drive June 10.
3	Microsoft introduces fingerprint recognition Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including the company #39;s first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology.
3	BenQ Readies IPod Rival (PC World) PC World - Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year.
1	Manning aims for wins, not records With one of the most coveted individual prizes for an NFL quarterback almost in hand, Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts is thinking team.
1	Wambach Lifts U.S. in Women's Soccer Final Abby Wambach scores the winning goal in overtime to lift the United States past Brazil for the women's soccer gold medal Thursday.
0	UN peace chief warns of more violence after Burundi massacre UNITED NATIONS : The UN #39;s peacekeeping chief warned of a surge in violence after the massacre of Congolese refugees in Burundi and called on all parties to step back from the brink of war. 
2	EU set to clear Oracle-PeopleSoft takeover European Union competition authorities are expected Tuesday to clear unconditionally US firm Oracle #39;s hostile takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft, sources say.
2	Perrigo to buy Agis in \$818M deal Perrigo Co., a generic drugmaker, has agreed to buy Israel #39;s Agis Industries Ltd. in a deal valued at \$818 million, the two companies said Monday.
0	Hurricane Jeanne heads towards Florida Hurricane Jeanne, which has killed more than 1,000 people in Haiti, is now heading towards the northern Bahamas and Florida. In Haiti, around 1,200 people are still missing and the UN has said the number of 
0	Resolution of problems with Pakistan will take time: Manmohan NEW YORK: Indias Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said the complicated problems between Pakistan and India would take time for resolution.
3	File-Spoofing Anti-Piracy Firm Expands in Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Overpeer, an anti-piracy technology firm\best known for flooding Internet file-sharing networks with\bogus music and movie files, is expanding into Europe, the\company said on Wednesday.
0	Iraqi president delays trip to France over hostage crisis Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar, who was due in Paris on Sunday to start a European tour, has postponed his visit to France due to the ongoing hostage drama involving two French journalists, Arab diplomats said Friday.
1	Massu beats Dent to reach gold medal match Nicolas Massu beat Taylor Dent of the United States 7-6 (5), 6-1 Friday in the tennis semifinals to move within one victory of giving Chile its first Olympic gold medal in any sport. 
0	Pakistan Says Holds Suspects Planning Major Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan has arrested up to six\people, including an Egyptian national, suspected of planning\major attacks in the capital Islamabad, Information Minister\Sheikh Rashid Ahmed said on Saturday.
3	The Battle for Middle-earth Ships December 06, 2004 - Today game and film fans alike are picking sides to decide the fate of Middle-earth as Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:ERTS) announces the release of the eagerly-awaited PC game, The Lord of the Rings(tm), The Battle for Middle-earth(tm).
0	Danielle accused in court Mark Ontonio Kelly, 20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old in the early hours of last Saturday as she returned home with friends from Nottinghams annual Goose Fair.
3	Study: Fill Gov't Science Posts Faster (AP) AP - Presidential appointments to senior science and technology posts should be filled more quickly and without regard to political affiliation, a new report from the nonpartisan National Academies urged Wednesday.
1	Diamondbacks Hire Backman As New Manager After being introduced as the new manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, Wally Backman, left, is handed his game jersey by Arizona general manager Joe Garagiola Jr.
1	Motor Racing: Less Can Be More, Say Former Champions  LONDON (Reuters) - Former world champions John Surtees and  Niki Lauda believe Formula One needs to go back to its roots,  at least in the short term, to build a brighter future.
1	Hungary defeats Scotland GLASGOW, Scotland (AP) - Szabolcs Huszti scored two goals as Hungary defeated Scotland 3-0 on Wednesday in an international friendly. 
2	Intel Doubles Dividend, Expands Buyback (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp. , the world's\largest maker of computer chips, said on Wednesday it would\double its quarterly dividend to 8 cents a share, the second\time this year it has doubled its cash payout.
1	Notebook: Dodgers say Bradley won #39;t be disciplined Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be disciplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
1	N.B.A. Hands Tough Penalties to Players Involved in Brawl The Pacers' Ron Artest was suspended for the season, and two of his teammates must sit out for a combined 55 games.
1	Kim on fire at State Farm Classic Springfield, IL (Sports Network) - Christina Kim posted a six-under 66 on Friday to cruise to a four-shot lead midway through the State Farm Classic at The Rail Golf Course.
0	Kerry Calls for Science, Tech Investment (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of slowing scientific advancement after earning a special endorsement from the widow of actor Christopher Reeve, a proponent of the embryonic stem cell research on which the president has placed limits.
3	Juniper adds security software support Juniper Networks is making a big push into SSL security. The company on Monday updated its NetScreen Secure Access SSL VPNsecurity appliance that further integrates it with end-point security software packages. Juniper also announced a new initiative with several companies to provide better security across a network.
0	Malaysia battle 2nd flu outbreak Two people were under hospital observation in northern Malaysia with flu-like symptoms yesterday as the country fought to contain the second case of deadly bird flu in two weeks.
2	TSA Asks Air Travelers to  quot;Partner quot; on Security Screening During &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington, DC - The head of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) today encouraged air travelers to become partners over the holiday season in ensuring security and minimizing passenger wait-times at screening checkpoints.
1	Shock 76, Liberty 66 Cheryl Ford had 21 points and nine rebounds, and Deanna Nolan scored 18 points to lead the defending WNBA champion Detroit Shock past the New York Liberty 76-66 Sunday, evening their first-round WNBA playoff series at 1-1.
3	Novell Releases Linux Desktop After months of denials, Novell has quite suddenly released its own hybrid Linux Desktop for its SuSE Linux distribution. Novell Linux Desktop 9 is aimed squarely at the corporate market, where Novell has 
2	Finance ministers meeting in US Global finance ministers gather in Washington for simultaneous meetings of the G7, World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
3	UK NHS IT project cuts new deal with Microsoft The UK #39;s National Health Service (NHS) has signed a software licensing deal with Microsoft Corp. that the NHS says will provide for the development of a user interface specifically designed for the organization 
1	Astros, Cardinals Tied 4-4 After Five St. Louis Cardinals #39; Albert Pujols hits a two-run homer in the first inning to tie the game against the Houston Astros during Game 1 of the National League Championship Series at Busch Stadium in St.
0	Blair Enters Hospital for Heart, Seeks One More Term (Update1) UK Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to a London hospital today for an operation to correct a heart flutter. Announcing the treatment late yesterday, Blair committed to serving a 
3	Tellabs Slashes Price of AFC Merger Original terms of the merger called for Advanced Fibre #39;s stockholders to receive 1.55 Tellabs shares and \$7 in cash for each of their shares, in a deal then valued at \$1.
2	Cellphone marketing firm secures \$17.5m With everyone from ESPN to Eminem opening sales channels to cellphone-owning fans, m-Qube Inc., a Boston wireless company that delivers entertainment content, has raised \$17.5 million in venture capital funding to ramp up its sales and technology development.
0	US posts warning for Nordic, Baltic states The US government has warned its citizens in Nordic and Baltic states of the threat of imminent terrorist attacks, the BBC said Monday.
3	Absence of linguistic skills could hamper thinking ability Not being part of a culture with a highly developed language, could limit your thoughts, at least as far as numbers are concerned, reveals a new study conducted by a psychologist at the Columbia University in New York.
1	'L.A. Angels'? The city of Anaheim let it be known on Monday that they will fight any attempt by the Angels to change their name to the Los Angeles Angels.
3	RIM Incorporates QWERTY Keyboard In Small Mobile Devices It #39;s now possible to enjoy all the benefits of a full featured QWERTY keyboard in a small wireless device, thanks to Research In Motion #39;s (RIM) new patent-pending SureType keyboard.
0	Myanmar #39;s Secretive Regime Ousts PM Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt, makes a point during a meeting with Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, in this Sept.
2	Judge Allows US Airways Pay Cuts, a Move United Also Seeks US Airways today won most of the emergency pay cuts it said were critical to avoid liquidation and United said it wanted to terminate its labor contracts and would seek deeper cuts from its employees.
3	Ohio Candidate Seeks Advice of Web Surfers (AP) AP - An Ohio candidate in a long-shot bid to unseat a 16-term House veteran has an unusual approach in deciding how to spend his campaign. He asks Web surfers: Should he sleep in? Prepare for his debate? Campaign door to door?
0	Australia is unlikely to sign nonaggression pact with Asean Prime Minister John Howard said Friday he is unlikely to sign a nonaggression pact with Australia #39;s Asian neighbors. The issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of Howard #39;s visit 
0	Dubai airport building collapses DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A building collapse at a construction site at Dubai airport killed more than eight people and injured many more Monday, a contractor said.
1	Cricket: Sri Lanka success to inspire Australia in India Test &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOMBAY : Stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist has said Australia will seek inspiration from their success in Sri Lanka as they attempt to win the first Test series in India in more than three decades.
3	Apple #39;s New iMac Computer Is All Display Apple Computer unveiled, after a two-month delay, its new iMac desktop computer on Tuesday which integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less than two inches thick.
3	Sony on Collision Course with Music Majors over MP3 including its own Sony BMG venture - over the MP3 song format. Sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital 
2	US: Constellation and Mondavi merger is go The proposed merger between Constellation and The Robert Mondavi Corp. has been finalised. The two companies yesterday (3 November) signed a definitive merger agreement in which Constellation will acquire 
1	Done -- and 1 Where a day earlier there had been pleasure over the news that the Deutsche Bank Championship had committed to two more years at TPC Boston, yesterday there was a hint of a letdown -- that the final round had to end.
2	Asia Stocks, Oil Rise--Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks were mostly higher\Monday, led by selected technology and metals firms, while oil\extended gains and the dollar edged up ahead of an expected\U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate rise Tuesday.
2	Citigroup buying First American Bank One of the largest financial institutions in Texas has drawn the attention of a New York banking giant. Bryan-based First American Bank SSB will be acquired by New York-based Citigroup Inc.
1	Roethlisberger Benched for Season Finale (AP) AP - With little to play for Sunday, the AFC champion Pittsburgh Steelers benched quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and two other injured starters  #151; running back Jerome Bettis and receiver Plaxico Burress  #151; for their regular-season finale against Buffalo.
0	UN report: Lubbers guilty of sexual misconduct AMSTERDAM - A UN inquiry has found UN High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers guilty of sexually harassing a female worker -ut Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected the charges.
3	Wi-Fi Successor Called High-Speed Hype, for Now (Reuters) Reuters - At virtually every turn, Intel\Corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long-range\wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire\cities with high-speed Internet access.
2	Mickey #39;s Fight Club It was nearly 10 years ago that Disney CEO Michael Eisner began to seriously contemplate his own mortality. He #39;d just survived emergency bypass surgery, and he was worried: if something happened to him, who could possibly run Disney?
3	Yahoo Purchases E-Mail Search Company Yahoo has quietly purchased e-mail software company Stata Labs, in what could be an investment in a coming PC search tool to rival Google and Microsoft.
2	Dollar Inches Up as Oil Prices Ease  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Tuesday as weaker  oil prices helped it to recover losses made on data showing  overseas demand for U.S. assets may have stalled. U.S. light  crude traded around \$53.21, easing from a fresh record high of  \$55.33 hit in New York and helping to keep the dollar away from  near eight-month lows hit overnight.
0	Israeli Forces Raid Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli tanks moved into the northern Gaza\Strip on Sunday to try to stop cross-border rocket attacks that\front-running Palestinian presidential candidate Mahmoud Abbas\said could achieve nothing.
2	US Stocks Climb as Crude Oil Falls \$2 Stocks rose after US crude oil fell below \$50 a barrel on Monday, offsetting jitters ahead of an uncertain outcome for the US presidential election.
2	Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  won the backing of another key public pension fund in its  \$8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as the  17-month takeover battle between the two California-based  business software makers neared a key deadline.
2	Business News for Technology Leaders Delphi #39;s global production volumes and commodity price increases are expected to translate to Q4 revenue of \$6.9-\$7 billion, about \$200 million below the company #39;s previously stated expectations.
2	Yukos Lawyer #39;s Flat, Office Searched Prosecutors searched the office and apartment of Yukos #39; chief lawyer, Dmitry Gololobov, on Monday and summoned him for questioning, Yukos spokesman Alexander Shadrin said.
0	Protesters Breach British Parliament in New Scare  LONDON (Reuters) - Pro-hunting demonstrators burst onto the  floor of Britain's parliament on Wednesday in the week's second  audacious breach of security at a landmark site.
0	Ukraine to have second round of election anyway  official KIEV, October 31 (Itar-Tass) -- Ukraine will have the second round of the presidential election, no matter what results of exit polls may be.
2	Wall Street stocks gain on strength of Ford #39;s earnings outlook Wall Street stocks managed to gain Friday as investors looked past a sharp rise in oil prices and cheered the strength of Ford Motor Co.
0	Russian Cabinet Approves Kyoto Protocol MOSCOW - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the document once the Russian parliament ratifies it as widely expected.    The protocol must be ratified by no fewer than 55 countries that accounted for at least 55 percent of global emissions in 1990, and Russia's participation would tip the scale...
3	Linksys Delivers Wi-Fi Gear (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Networking specialist Linksys has rolled out a collection of new Wi-Fi\gear for home systems, featuring a line of dual-band 802.11a/g products,\and announced that the company has inked a deal with Verizon to provide\Internet calling equipment.
0	UN Seeks to Speed Arrival of Peacekeepers in Haiti The United Nations says it is trying to speed up the arrival of peacekeeping troops in Haiti to help with emergency relief in the wake of Tropical Storm Jeanne, which wreaked havoc in the Caribbean nation earlier this month.
0	China to punish embassy intruders China would punish intruders at embassies and schools according to the law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said Tuesday.
2	Oil prices threaten recovery British Chancellor Gordon Brown believes action must be taken to protect economic growth. Photo: AP. The global economic recovery is at risk unless governments tackle growing trade imbalances 
1	Major-league reshuffling TAMPA - United Soccer Leagues announced that the organization and its professional teams have restructured the two pro leagues, the A-League and Pro Soccer League, under the USL umbrella to form a new two-tiered division.
1	Men #39;s contest highlights Trophee Bompard skating Johnny Weir and Brian Joubert already have victories in the Grand Prix series. The American champion and European gold medalist meet this week at the Trophee Bompard.
3	GeForce 6200 Announced October 11, 2004 - NVIDIA today has announced the newest card in its GeForce 6 line, the entry-level GeForce 6200. Rounding out the GeForce 6 family, the GF6200 contains the same feature set as its 6800 and 
1	Hamm, Foudy and Fawcett take final bows tonight Another page in the saga of American soccer is turned tonight when the US women #39;s team plays Mexico at Home Depot Center (11 pm ET, ESPN Classic) in 
3	Jon Stewart 'Crossfire' Feud Ignites Net Frenzy When comedian Jon Stewart blasted the hosts of CNN's "Crossfire" on the cable TV program, he ignited a frenzy of online activity.
1	One clear reason to hang with Blue Jays By the time the Blue Jays arrive home following the longest road trip of the year, next weekend #39;s season-ending three games against the Yankees will likely amount to nothing more important than exhibitions in late March.
2	UPDATE 5-BorgWarner bids 621 mln euros for diesel maker Beru US car parts maker BorgWarner Inc. (BWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) launched a 621-million-euro (\$790 million) takeover bid for German rival Beru 
1	Lara won #39;t be coming CAPTAIN Brian Lara and other top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of January #39;s triangular one-day series in Australia because of a contract dispute.
3	Microsoft Won #39;t Charge More for Multicore Licenses Software vendors have proceeded cautiously on the core question, with rivals IBM, Oracle, Sun, Microsoft and others waiting to see how the others approach the issue, partly to learn what works and partly to have the opportunity to counter.
3	Reebok Unveils High-Tech Sneaker Pump 2.0 Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc.
3	Jon Stewart Attacks the Media through Crossfire Instead of plugging his new book, Jon Stewart tonight on CNN's crossfire used his time to slam the media's coverage of the election.  Although Stewart leans left, he attacked political shows and begged them: "Stop, stop, stop, stop hurting America."  Is it time to really stop all the political games that both sides play?  Torrent of the event is available.
0	Palestinians Seek Int'l Election Monitors (AP) AP - Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel's unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip be folded into a stalled international peace plan.
3	Poor Lucene Ranking for Short Text \\I've never seen a solid explanation of why Lucene always prefers shorter\documents rather than longer documents.  This seems like a *major* problem but\I've never seen it addressed.\\For example lets assume you have 3 documents:\\Document 1.txt contains\\"foo"\\Document 2.txt contains\\"foo foo"\\Document 3.txt contains\\"foo foo foo"\
1	UAE #39;s TEN Sports to Produce Australia-India Cricket Test Series TV &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Board of Control for Cricket in India has granted the television production and distribution rights for Australia #39;s test series with India even as the Indian Supreme Court hears arguments over who owns the rights.
3	Genes to blame for restless sleep \If you can't get a good night's sleep it's likely that your parents are at least partly to blame.
3	Video gamers gather at midnight for first copies of new Halo 2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The aliens are landing on Earth on Tuesday, and more than 1.5 million video gamers have already signed up to stop them.
0	Russia, China Hold Trade, Anti-Terrorism Talks Russian President Vladimir Putin and China #39;s prime minister, Wen Jiabao, have met in Moscow for talks on trade and the fight against terrorism.
3	Panel: Keep sage grouse off endangered list A panel of biologists with the US Fish and Wildlife Service says sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species. The recommendation has environmental groups threatening to sue.
2	S P Lowers Merck Debt Rating Amid Vioxx Concern A third major debt ratings agency has stripped Merck  #38; Co. of its top credit grade, lowering the drug maker's classification by three notches amid concerns stemming from its recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx.
2	Stocks shake off oil-cost worries to rally Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally yesterday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies.
2	As Oil Price Soars, Markets Chill Weak chain-store sales, stumbling job growth and more record oil prices were too much for Wall Street #39;s bulls to bear last week.
1	Greeks deny failed drug test reports ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympics officials say they are unaware of any team member failing a drugs test after media reports that the International Olympic Committee had found a Greek competitor had taken banned substances. 
3	Insiders Weigh Prospect Of Wireless Spam A law banning spam delivered to wireless devices goes into effect next month. But is it necessary? By Thomas Claburn. In less than a month, it will be illegal to send commercial messages to any Internet domain 
1	Great match, with something mixed in NEW YORK -- Although Maria Sharapova's Siberian childhood was not spent in one of the region's infamous salt mines, she remained the salt of the tennis earth to the folks who made their way to Flushing Meadow in a record drove yesterday.
1	Clearly Carly in women #39;s all-around As Carly Patterson waited for her final routine Thursday night, her coach looked into her eyes and saw a fire that burned brighter than the Olympic flame. 
1	Shooting guard starter remains a big question The Sixers coach knows Allen Iverson will log 40-plus minutes at point guard this season, but in his mind, he #39;s got plenty of players who can ably play the shooting guard or small forward positions.
1	GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 7:00 PM CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- A pair of teams fighting for a postseason berth meet in Charlotte on Thursday when the Sting face the Sacramento Monarchs.
2	Christopher   Banks Disappoints The women's apparel retailer surprised investors with surprisingly bad Q4 guidance.
1	Gannon has broken vertebrae in his neck Oakland quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck that will sideline him at least six weeks. Gannon had an MRI exam Monday morning and was taken for further tests.
0	FAO Warns of Locust Plague, If Funds Not Provided for Eradication &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says more funds are essential to combat locust swarms that are devastating crops in West Africa, and warns failure to act quickly, could result in a regional plague by the end of the year.
1	NFL Wrap: Patriots Win Record 19th Straight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tom Brady threw a pair of touchdown  passes as the New England Patriots set a National Football  League record for consecutive wins by downing the winless Miami  Dolphins 24-10 in Foxboro on Sunday.
0	Dutchman held for 'Iraq genocide' Netherlands prosecutors plan to charge a Dutchman suspected of assisting genocide in Iraq in the 1980s.
0	Johnny Depp Says He Actually Enjoys Aging VENICE, Italy - Unlike legions of other Hollywood stars, hipster heartthrob Johnny Depp says he actually enjoys aging. The boyish-looking Depp - who plays the author of "Peter Pan" in his latest picture "Finding Neverland" - was asked if the children's character famed for never growing old made him wish for the same power...
3	Uranus photos reveal planet in flux Uranus is not the static, boring orb once thought, new pictures of the planet by the Keck II telescope in Hawaii reveal. The sharpest photos ever of the planet from a ground-based telescope show storm clouds 
3	Japan Raids Record Cos. Over Ringtones (AP) AP - Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.
0	Sharon, with Party Backing, Invites Labour Into Govt Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on Friday invited the opposition Labour Party to begin talks to form a unity government, a move that would avoid early elections and pave the way for a withdrawal from Gaza.
1	Fiddling while Madrid burns The extraordinary news that Jos Antonio Camacho offered up his resignation on the Sunday after the Espanyol defeat was a fitting end to a fascinating week in La Liga.
1	Streaking Astros climb back into playoff race Jeff Bagwell and Lance Berkman sparked a testy 10-3 victory Sunday over the Chicago Cubs, and Houston took three of four at Wrigley Field to move within four games of Chicago and San Diego for the NL wild-card lead.
0	Pragmatism at heart of Peres's efforts toward peace JERUSALEM -- From the podium of the Israeli Knesset last week, Shimon Peres, the engineer of the Oslo peace process and leader of the parliamentary opposition, lambasted Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's speech on the state of the nation. Minutes later, in a nearby conference room, he urged his Labor party colleagues not to vote against Sharon's program so as not ...
0	Stocks Climb on Positive GDP Figure News NEW YORK - A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks slightly higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.    The 2.8 percent GDP growth in the second quarter, a revision from the 3 percent preliminary figure reported in July, is a far cry from the 4.5 percent growth in the first quarter...
0	Canada buries submariner, probes tragedy Canada buried a sailor this week who died in a submarine fire that naval officers say was poorly handled by the vessel #39;s skipper.
3	Juniper Tightens Security In VPN Appliance Juniper Networks Inc. on Monday launched an initiative to tighten security between its VPN gear and third-party end-point security products.
2	Staples Profit Up; Sees 4th Qtr in Line  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Staples Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPLS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SPLS.O&lt;/A&gt;, the top U.S.  office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 26 percent jump  in quarterly profit due to higher sales of furniture,  back-to-school supplies and a strong performance in Europe.
3	Schools Weather PC Onslaught Schools across the Washington region relied on stringent new security precautions that helped quarantine infected PCs before they even had a chance to spread their disease. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Sri Lanka peace process remains at standstill A Norwegian peace envoy is wrapping up a visit to Sri Lanka, with no sign of any breakthrough in re-starting the country #39;s stalled peace process.
0	Nearly 200 miners trapped in coalmine gas explosion in north China (AFP) AFP - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China's Shaanxi province, trapping 170 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world's biggest coal producer in recent years.
0	Golf: Ryder Cup pairings named Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie will meet in the opening four-balls at Oakland Hills.
2	Delta taps Ogilvy for ad campaign Delta Air Lines Inc. has hired New York-based Ogilvy  amp; Mather Worldwide and their media agency partner, Group M/MindShare, to develop a strategic brand campaign for the struggling airline.
1	Hewit advance to the third round of the Japan Open Australian Lleyton Hewitt ousted home favourite Goichi Motomura 6-0 3-6 6-1 to advance to the third round of the Japan Open on Wednesday.
2	Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck to Get No. 2 Post Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said one of its fast-rising executives, Sallie Krawcheck, will take over the No.
3	Windows NT 4 support to come at price in  #39;05 com December 3, 2004, 4:08 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source.
1	Pacers players, fans charged in Detroit NBA fight This is not original reporting. All facts have been gathered from ESPN, the Associated Press, Fox Sports Net, The Indianapolis Star, and The Washington Post.
1	Thistle see an end to wanderings Inverness Caledonian Thistle will finally be allowed to return to their own ground after half a season #39;s wanderings following a change of heart by the Scottish Premier League.
2	Mylan Explains Trading Surge That #39;s what Mylan Laboratories (MYL :Nasdaq - news - research) sort of did Friday in addressing a surge in trading volume Thursday. 
1	Chelsea Beats Fulham in League Cup; Watford Defeats Portsmouth Frank Lampard scored with two minutes remaining as Chelsea defeated Fulham 2-1 to advance to the semifinals of English soccer #39;s League Cup.
3	Bush Election Causes Suicide \\Wow... poor  kid.\\"NEW YORK (AP) -- A 25-year-old from Georgia who was distraught over President\Bush's re-election apparently killed himself at ground zero."\\"Andrew Veal's body was found Saturday morning inside the off-limits area of\the former World Trade Center site, said Steve Coleman, a spokesman for the\Port Authority of New York and New Jersey."\\"A shotgun was found nearby, but no suicide note was found, Coleman said."\\"Veal's mother said her son was upset about the result of the presidential\election and had driven to New York, Gus Danese, president of the Port\Authority Police Benevolent Association, told The New York Times in Sunday's\editions."\\
3	IBM, AMD develop new use of strained silicon IBM and AMD have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, a technique they said could improve transistor speeds by as much as 24.
1	Park hangs on to win Nine Bridges Entering the final round tied with Kate Golden with a two-stroke lead over the rest of the field, Park birdied eight holes to hold off Annika Sorenstam and defending champion Shi Hyun Ahn and win the \$1.
2	Holiday Hopes Brighten for Retailers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers may have a happier  holiday season than expected just a month ago, as shoppers  cheer up after the elections and start thinking about what to  buy as the weather gets cold, analysts said.
3	Nokia launches enterprise security initiatives Setting its sights on the Microsoft mobile camp, Nokia has kicked off two standards initiatives intended to strengthen its appeal to enterprise IT.
2	General Growth to Buy Rouse for \$7.2 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc. on  Friday said it would buy Rouse Co. for \$7.2 billion, adding  such swank shopping centers as Chicago's Water Tower Place and  Boston's Fanueil Hall to what is already the nation's second  largest mall portfolio.
1	Spoiled Again: Cubs Humbled by Mets linging to a half-game lead in the race for the National League wild card, the Cubs sent Kerry Wood to the mound at Shea Stadium yesterday, needing to shake off a sudden and shocking defeat a day earlier.
3	Gateway unveils Grantsdale PCI Express PCs in retail Gateway Inc. will introduce its first desktops based on Intel Corp.'s new 915G chip set through several retail outlets, the company plans to announce Thursday.
0	Deadly Afghan Blast Follows Hostage Drama (AP) AP - A bomb ripped through a U.S. patrol in southern Afghanistan on Wednesday, killing two American soldiers and wounding another, a reminder of the country's insecurity after a newly resolved hostage drama.
2	Black gets share of Telegraph windfall Hollinger International confirmed in court papers that it is planning to distribute some of the proceeds from the sale of the Telegraph Group to shareholders, a move that 
1	It #39;s fun  #39;n #39; games again at Florida The Florida Gators have charisma again and chutzpah. And presence and prestige. And eloquence and arrogance. The Gators introduced Urban Meyer as their new football coach Tuesday, and the man who is named 
0	NATO will enlarge Iraq training mission BRUSSELS The North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed to enlarge from 60 to 300 the number of personnel stationed in Baghdad to train Iraqi soldiers, but not before there was a contentious discussion with the foreign ministers of six countries that 
0	Arab foreign ministers affirm Lebanon #39;s right to a free political &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIRUT: With international condemnation of Syria #39;s control of Lebanon multiplying in recent days, the Arab Foreign Ministers #39; meeting in Cairo gave in to Lebanon #39;s 
0	Zarqawi 'urges Iraq insurgency' A message purportedly from rebel leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi urges resistance to US forces in Iraq.
1	Giants #39; Carter fractures hip East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - New York Giants wide receiver Tim Carter is expected to miss the remainder of the season after suffering a fractured hip during this past Sunday #39;s game against Dallas.
2	Sumitomo puts \$29 bn takeover bid for UFJ Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG), Japans second largest bank, today put forward a 3,200 billion (\$29 billion) takeover bid for United Financial Group (UFJ), the countrys fourth biggest lender, in an effort to regain initiative in its bidding 
0	Strong earthquake shakes Taiwan #39;s capital TAIPEI, Taiwan - A strong earthquake rocked Taiwan #39;s capital during the lunch rush on Friday, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
1	SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Big 12 showdown The Sooners are difficult to defend because they are so balanced, averaging 242.2 yards rushing and 227.2 yards passing per game. Sixth-year senior quarterback Jason White is like the forgotten Heisman winner 
0	US Forces Set Up Checkpoints Near Al-Fallujah 15 October 2004 -- US ground troops deployed around the outskirts of Al-Fallujah following sustained air strikes against insurgent positions there overnight.
1	No. 19 Louisville Tops Tennessee St. (AP) AP - Francisco Garcia matched his career-high with 29 points, including eight straight during a 27-4 run, and No. 19 Louisville pulled away for a 98-64 victory over Tennessee State on Sunday.
3	Modem to Connect With Speedy Cellular Technology By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.    NetGear Inc...
1	England striker Owen believes he can make it in Madrid side MANCHESTER: Michael Owen insists he has been unaffected by the fierce criticism that has dogged his short career at Real Madrid and is desperate to use England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales to restore his flagging reputation.
2	At CNN/US, Another Quick Change of Suits CNN #39;s US operation has a new boss for the second time in just 14 months. This time it #39;s Jonathan Klein -- former CBS News suit and, more recently, founder and CEO of high-speed Internet news network and video streamer FeedRoom.
2	Stocks End Barely Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended barely higher  on Tuesday  as oil prices rose and investors tried to anticipate the  economic fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it moved through the  Gulf of Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.
3	New: Tellabs to lower Advanced Fibre price NAPERVILLE - Tellabs Inc. plans to lower its price for Advanced Fibre Communications Inc. to \$1.5 billion from the \$1.9 billion announced May 20.
3	Leading Chinese TV Exporter Has Huge Loss China's biggest television exporter announced losses stemming in part from declining sales and a scandal involving its biggest U.S. customer.
2	Delta to Cut Up to 7,000 Jobs Delta will cut up to 10 percent of its work force over the next 18 months as part of a restructuring plan that the airline said would save \$5 billion a year in costs by 2006.
1	Tennessee wraps up SEC title game date NASHVILLE -- Cedric Houston ran for three touchdowns and No. 15 Tennessee clinched the Southeastern Conference's Eastern Division title yesterday with its 22d straight victory over Vanderbilt, 38-33.
0	Queen #39;s visit stirs Anglo-German past The queen, hoping to further reconciliation between Britain and Germany, has urged the two former World War Two foes to learn from history but not be obsessed by the past and to reject national stereotypes.
2	Qantas says it #39;s time to move on Qantas Airways chief executive Geoff Dixon today said it was time for the airline to move on now its proposed alliance with Air New Zealand had been rejected by the New Zealand High Court.
1	Shaq makes Heat debut Shaquille O #39;Neal scored 17 points and added seven rebounds on his debut for Miami, an 85-75 exhibition loss to Houston. The former LA Lakers star said he was  quot;in cruise mode quot; during the game, but attracted compliments from his rivals.
1	Pittsburgh Steelers Notes Bill Cowher is no longer 0-for-Texas. He beat Dallas for the first time, running his record against the Cowboys to 1-2. That leaves the Houston Texans as the only team in the NFL a Cowher team has not beaten.
1	A promising leader for UNC North Carolina would be foolish to let Erskine Bowles disappear into private life. He has far too much to offer the state. Though he would have made a fine US senator, maybe it #39;s just as well that Mr.
2	Delta pilots offer a new contract proposal Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) pilots, who have been negotiating a slew of employment issues with company management, have offered a new contract proposal 
1	NJ Drops Rape Charges Against 2 Teens Prosecutors dropped sexual assault charges against two high school football players accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate. Charges against the boys, ages 15 and 17, were dropped Wednesday.
1	Ravens Waive Morrow, Cut Eight Players (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of special teams standout Harold Morrow and cut eight players, including 2004 draft picks Tony Pashos and Brian Rimpf.
3	Cisco Sees China as Center of World Tech Market &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Eric Auchard and Daniel Sorid&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BEIJING (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;CSCO.O&gt; Chief\Executive John Chambers said China was well on the way to\becoming the world's technology hub as he revealed plans for\his company's first research center in the country.&lt;/p&gt;
0	US softens threat sanctions on a new draft resolution on Sudan United Nations, Sept 15 (PTI) The United States presented a new draft resolution softening the threat of sanctions on Sudan in an effort to win support of key members in the Security Council but diplomats said it would have to be watered down much more to 
2	No playin #39; around, toys called unsafe As local kids make their holiday lists, parents might want to check them twice for potentially dangerous toys. Consumer advocates yesterday released a list of 61 toys they contend have deficient labeling or hazardous parts.
1	Semi heat breeze for Jones, US ATHENS -- Marion Jones returned to the Olympic track last night to do what she does best -- sprint.
0	PM: No meddling in Anwars hearing Kuala Lumpur: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said there will be no political interference in a Federal Court ruling today (Thursday) on whether to free former Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, when it decides on his final 
2	Fed lifts rate, says economy picking up The Federal Reserve yesterday boosted its key interest rate for the third time in as many months, signaling the economy has rebounded from its recent struggles and inflation remains in check.
2	AOL Cuts 750 Jobs America Online Inc., the nation's biggest Internet service, today began cutting 750 jobs, more than half at the firm's Northern Virginia headquarters, company officials said. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Top official of Pakistan making first visit to India NEW DELHI The prime minister of Pakistan, Shaukat Aziz, will make his first visit to India this week for talks with his Indian counterpart, Manmohan Singh, amid renewed rancor over Kashmir.
0	At Least 13 Killed in Baghdad Fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
3	LookSmart Adds Porn Free Search to Net Nanny LookSmart Adds Porn Free Search to Net Nanny\\LookSmart today announced the release of Net Nanny 5.1, an updated version of its Internet filtering software, and the first version to include family-safe Web search. Net Nanny 5.1 has a suggested retail price of \$39.95 for new buyers of Net Nanny and ...
0	Arafat said to be on brink of death Yasser Arafat was reported teetering on the brink of death last night, with one wire service quoting a senior Palestinian official saying that the Palestinian leader had died of liver failure.
3	Cisco Systems Buys P-Cube Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately \$200 million in cash and options. The acquisition of P-Cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is 
3	Firefox in the hunt for 10 per cent of the browser market A Mozilla Foundation spokesman told silicon.com sister site ZDNet UK that he expects the browser #39;s market share to reach 10 percent by the end of 2005.
2	Restructured Air Canada leaves CCAA Shares of the newly restructured Air Canada are set to take off after the airline emerges from creditor protection this week with an improved balance sheet, lower operating costs and an eye on the international market after 18 months under court 
2	US is urged to adopt new, diverse energy policy WASHINGTON Trying to break a deadlock on energy policy, a diverse group of environmentalists, academics and former government officials were to publish a report on Wednesday that presents strategies for making the United States cleaner, more competitive 
2	Coke says earnings, sales growth to slow  ATLANTA -- Coca-Cola Co. warned investors to expect slower earnings and sales growth from the world's biggest soft drink company. But it said it is beefing up spending on marketing its core brands and on innovation as it tries to catch up with consumer's growing thirst for alternatives to soda.
2	GM to invest \$200 mln in Saturn plant SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - General Motors said late Thursday that it plans to invest \$200 million to upgrade and expand its Fairfax, Kansas manufacturing plant for production of the 2007 Saturn midsize car, which will begin in the second half of 2006.
2	Citigroup #39;s Curious Exec Exchange The giant #39;s CFO and Smith Barney #39;s chief swap jobs -- a regular rotation for managers on the rise or damage control in advance?
2	Future Looking Up for Flamel As the nanotech/biotech company earns a profit, keep an eye on two drugs in phase 3 trials.
2	FLYi Shares Up After Amending Airbus Deal Shares of FLYi Inc. soared in Monday trading after the parent of low-cost Independence Air said it reworked an agreement with Airbus SAS to delay delivery of several aircraft in an effort to preserve its cash liquidity.
1	Black Notre Dame Alumni Question Firing (AP) AP - Some black Notre Dame alumni say the recent firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham will hamper the school's efforts to recruit and retain black students and teachers.
1	Newcastle #39;s stand-ins prove to be line perfect STEVE McCLAREN returned to Spain for the second time in little more than a week and, although there was no recurrence of the Neanderthal noises that marred Englands defeat in Madrid, he was again made to endure a substandard performance from one of his 
2	Oil Unlikely to Knock Fed Off Rate Plan (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy may lose a step to\record high oil prices but concerns over inflation are likely\to keep the Federal Reserve on a steady course of gradually\raising interest rates, analysts say.
2	Argentina debe implementar las reformas del FMI Sir, After all of Argentina #39;s economic pain, one can understand Alfonso Prat-Gay, Argentina #39;s central bank governor, taking satisfaction from the stronger-than-expected bounce in the country #39;s economy over the past two years ( quot;How Argentina defied the 
3	Alien Catfish Species Found in N.J. Canal (AP) AP - An alien species of catfish has been caught in the Delaware Raritan Canal, prompting fears among environmental officials that the voracious predator could devastate native catfish, sunfish and some sturgeon populations the way it has in southeastern states.
0	Blast at SRK #39;s concert, 2 dead At least two persons were killed and 18 injured when a bomb exploded at the fag end of a concert in Colombo by Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
0	Traffic jams green light for love (Reuters) Reuters - Millions of drivers use traffic lights and jams as the perfect opportunity to pick up a\hot date and sometimes even a marriage partner, according to a survey today.
1	Santana #39;s amazing run ends in no-question Cy Young Hall of Famer Sparky Anderson once said,  quot;My idea of managing is giving the ball to Tom Seaver and sitting down and watching him work.
1	Chargers lose Caldwell for year, add McCardell, Shaw San Diego Chargers wide receiver Reche Caldwell will miss the rest of the season after tearing a ligament in his right knee in Sunday #39;s loss at Atlanta.
1	Stop that blame game ATHENS -- Adam van Koeverden has a message for his fellow Canadian athletes -- quit whining about circumstances you can #39;t control.  quot;You can #39;t fall into a corner and cry and say the Canadian sports system has let me down. You have to do things for ...
2	Nortel Has Third-Quarter Loss of 6 Cents on Costs (Update3) Nortel Networks Corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third-quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in India.
0	Rumsfeld eyes future US bases in Romania ISN SECURITY WATCH (12/10/04) - US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld began a two-day visit to Romania on Tuesday, ahead of an informal NATO meeting at the central Romania mountain resort town of Poiana Brasov.
3	Software helps users fight spammers THE spammed can now hit back at the spammers with new software from Lycos called Make Love, Not Spam. The software sits on your PC and when the machine is not in use, it generates traffic on the sites of known 
3	CA Partners Rattled Again By Upheaval Partners of Computer Associates International had their concerns rekindled last week after CA announced layoffs and product changes with little detail.
3	Ex-Austin student indicted for data theft The university estimates the data theft cost the school \$167,000 to recover the system affected by the breach.
1	Team Canada captures World Cup over Finland CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada remains on top of the hockey world after defeating Finland 3-2 in the World Cup of Hockey final on Tuesday.
0	30,000 More Sudanese Threaten to Cross to Chad -UN  GENEVA (Reuters) - Some 30,000 Sudanese, victims of fresh  attacks by Arab militia inside Darfur, have threatened to cross  into Chad, the U.N. refugee agency warned on Friday.
3	More Details: Batman Begins We #39;ve uncovered some additional info on the upcoming Electronic Arts #39; title. Looks like this won #39;t be another Catwoman.
2	Insurers cutting profit estimates The string of hurricanes that struck Florida and other states has begun to wash away profit projections made by some Cincinnati-based insurance companies.
0	Runway accident hampers aid bid Relief efforts in Indonesia hit a setback when Banda Aceh airport is closed to flights after an accident.
2	Bush Allies May Defect Over Fiscal Proposals As the White House opens a two-day conference to promote its second-term fiscal priorities, powerful interest groups that once supported Bush are either working to undercut him or are wary of his proposals.
0	Bush should try to cement a possible Mideast breakthrough Israel #39;s parliament made a historic decision in backing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank settlements.
1	Accepting the silver would make Hamm golden HE PULLED OFF an amazing feat at the Olympics last week, overcoming a stumble to become the first US man to win the gymnastics all-around gold medal.
1	Funk Takes One Shot Lead at Buick Championship  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Fred Funk shot a  one-under-par 69 Saturday to take a one-shot lead after the  third round of the Buick Championship.
2	Oil prices climb in London, New York shut LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices rose over worries about a possible supply shortage of US heating oil stocks during the northern hemisphere winter.
2	Commodities Rise, ConAgra Profit Falls (Reuters) Reuters - ConAgra Foods Inc.  on Wednesday\posted lower quarterly profits due to higher ingredient costs\and the sale of its chicken and agricultural products\businesses.
1	New South Wales starts strongly New South Wales, led by leg-spinner Stuart MacGill #39;s 4-57, dismissed New Zealand for 213 Thursday on the opening day of a four-day warmup match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
0	One Man Dies in Mass. Fair Ride Accident SHREWSBURY, Mass. - A carnival ride broke apart during a church fair Sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people...
1	Officials Show They Will Enforce Contact Rule Yes, officials will do as instructed this season and crack down on clutching-and-grabbing tactics by defensive backs. That was the early message from the New England Patriots #39; 27-24 triumph over 
3	Ivans Path Scientists once calculated that a hurricane gives off about 200 times much energy as all the world #39;s electric plants combined.
2	Siemens, BBC announce \$3.35 billion deal BERLIN -- Industrial group Siemens AG said Friday it has signed a \$3.35 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the British Broadcasting Corp.
1	Garciaparra stays with Cubs on big deadline night Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, and the Boston Red Sox made arbitration offers to Pedro Martinez and several other World Series stars Tuesday, the first big deadline of the offseason for teams and free agents.
1	SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Johan Santana is unbeaten (14-0) in 16 starts since the All- Star break and has an amazing ERA of 1.13 in that span.
3	Stargazers View Lunar Eclipse CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- Stargazers across the US were craning their necks Wednesday night as the Earth #39;s shadow moved across the moon, totally eclipsing our planet #39;s only natural satellite.
2	Harrah #39;s, Caesars in talks to sell casinos Harrah #39;s Entertainment Inc. and Caesars Entertainment Inc., both of Las Vegas, have begun talks to sell four casinos to a group led by Colony Capital LLC, according to media reports.
0	African leaders gather Tuesday to assess NEPAD development program (AFP) AFP - African leaders are to gather in Algiers to review the progress of the New Partnership for African Development (NEPAD), a wide-ranging strategy for ensuring good governance and building the economies of the world's poorest continent.
1	Sheffield Should Be Able to Play On The Yankees' Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play.
2	US stocks mark time ahead of poll US shares closed just a tad lower last night as the amrket held its breath ahead of the US election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 7.82 points adrift (0.
0	Bush Aides Laugh Off 'Wired Debate' Rumor (AP) AP - Campaign aides to President Bush on Saturday laughed off rampant Internet speculation about whether the president was wired to get help from advisers during his first debate with Sen. John Kerry. "It's not true. It's ridiculous," Bush campaign spokesman Scott Stanzel said.
0	Nigerian Protection Force Leaves for Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - An elite contingent of 50 Nigerian\soldiers left Nigeria on Thursday for Darfur, the first stage\in the deployment of 3,000 extra African Union (AU) troops to\monitor a shaky cease-fire in the western Sudanese region.
1	Olympia oozes Games history OLYMPIA, GREECE -- Great players will walk upon a historic stage today at the Ancient Olympia Stadium. 
2	Trump Stumps Chump Episode two of The Apprentice heats up with a cool treat and a surprise ego boot.
0	Coalition presses the fear button The divisions rending Australia in the general election campaign hardened yesterday as Prime Minister John Howard slipped out through a rear entrance to avoid hundreds of chanting protesters picketing Brisbane #39;s City Hall.
2	Best Asian Tourism Destinations The new APMF survey of the best Asian tourism destinations has just kicked off, but it's crowded at the top, with Chiang Mai in Thailand just leading from perennial favourites Hong Kong, Bangkok and Phuket in Thailand, and Bali in  Indonesia. Be one of the first to vote and let us know your reasons.
3	Version 2.0 of Linux Standard Base specs now available The latest Linux Standard Base specifications are now out, allowing open-source vendors and developers to maintain easy portability and compatibility among applications for Linux.
1	Sports: Cardinals 6 Dodgers 2 (Cardinals win series 3-1) LOS ANGELES The St. Louis Cardinals are back in the National League Championship Series for the third time in five seasons. Albert Pujols (POO #39;-hohlz) drove in the last four runs and the Cards advanced by 
2	US warned over Boeing subsidies BRUSSELS: The European Union yesterday demanded Washington explain more clearly how it subsidises Boeing Co and warned it would counter any US challenge targeting EU rival Airbus Industrie before the World Trade Organisation.
0	European stocks start on positive note (AFP) AFP - European stock markets pushed upwards in early deals as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of a US interest rate decision.
0	12 killed in train accident near Bhopal: India News: Bhopal, Nov 28 : Twelve people, including a woman, were ploughed to death by an express train outside the Sukhi Sevania railway station near here Sunday.
3	Kids Give Language Its Shape Children #39;s brains are hard-wired to learn languages and, in some cases, to improve upon them. That #39;s the conclusion of a new study that followed several generations of 
3	CA #39;s Cron To Remain Interim CEO Don #39;t expect Ken Cron to become CEO of Computer Associates International. At least, not anytime soon. Cron, currently CA #39;s interim CEO, will likely retain that status after the company #39;s annual stockholders 
1	Shevchenko Crowned as Europe #39;s Finest Arsenals Thierry Henry today missed out on the European Footballer of the Year award as Andriy Shevchenko took the honour. AC Milan frontman Shevchenko held off competition from Barcelona pair Deco and 
2	Oil addicts It lubricates all our lives. But can we live without the black stuff, asks Heather Stewart. Sky-high oil prices are already taking their toll, eating into consumers #39; spending power and squeezing corporate margins 
2	Delta needs pilot deal Analysts say Delta Air Lines chief executive Gerald Grinstein needs to cut a deal soon with his pilots union to buy enough time to implement his initiatives.
2	Startup no more, Netflix girds for DVD rental price war The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. -- a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
0	Confusion Over Vote Count in Landmark Afghan Election  KABUL (Reuters) - Confusion surrounded the start of vote  counting in Afghanistan's landmark presidential poll on  Thursday, with some election officials saying the tally had  begun but others adamant it had not.
1	Stenson Leads Swedish Charge at the Heritage  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Henrik Stenson led The Heritage  third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as  Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
3	ICANN moves to move VeriSign lawsuit to Paris com November 12, 2004, 5:31 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
3	School District Challenges Darwin's Theory A Pennsylvania school district Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and teach what critics say is a version of creationism.
2	Standard Chartered targets Absa - report Asia focused bank Standard Chartered is eyeing Absa, after Barclays said it was in talks with South Africa #39;s biggest bank, the Times has reported.
0	Indians retrieve Himalayan bodies Mountaineers retrieve three bodies believed to have been buried for 22 years on an Indian glacier.
2	Wal-Mart Comes Back Swinging After being outmaneuvered by aggressive competitors at the start of the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart Stores (WMT ) is returning fire.
2	PeopleSoft Rejects Latest Oracle Bid as Inadequate PeopleSoft's rejection puts the company's fate in the hands of its shareholders and shows that its new management team intends to continue to fight the merger with Oracle.
1	Cricket: Symonds leads Aussies into last four LONDON : Andrew Symonds blasted a quickfire 71 not out as Australia beat New Zealand by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy here at The Oval.
2	FCC further deregulates Net calls The Federal Communications Commission ruled that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Net phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the Internet.
1	Mauresmo dominates Linz final LINZ, Austria (Ticker) - Amelie Mauresmo will return to the top spot in the world rankings after breezing to her fourth title of the year Sunday.
3	Earth to See Total Eclipse of the Moon (AP) AP - Earthlings are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween. For more than an hour Wednesday night, the moon will be covered entirely by Earth's shadow and resemble a glowing pumpkin.
1	Messing with perfection PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers made certain there's nobody unbeaten now in the NFL, except for Ben Roethlisberger.
3	AT amp;T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services 
2	Traders decrease yuan bets HONG KONG Traders on Monday decreased bets that the yuan would be allowed to strengthen after Prime Minister Wen Jiabao of China said increasing speculation in the currency would delay an easing of its fixed exchange rate to the US dollar.
0	EU, Iran Nuclear Talks End, No Immediate Comment  VIENNA (Reuters) - Talks between Iranian negotiators and  French, British and German officials aimed at freezing Tehran's  uranium enrichment program ended Wednesday with no immediate  word of a result.
0	NATO Troops Wound, Arrest Serb War Crimes Fugitive  SARAJEVO (Reuters) - NATO-led troops injured a Bosnian Serb  war crimes suspect in a shootout Tuesday after he resisted  arrest and opened fire on them, the peace force said.
1	Footballer Denies Assault Charge Manchester United footballer Roy Keane today denied assaulting a 16-year-old boy, causing criminal damage, and using threatening or abusive behaviour when he appeared before magistrates in Trafford, Greater Manchester.
1	Accreditation Team Criticizes U. of Ill. (AP) AP - A panel from the association that accredits the University of Illinois chastised the school Wednesday for failing to resolve the long-standing controversy over its American Indian mascot, which supporters argue is an honored tradition and others say is racially offensive.
3	Netscape aims beyond Firefox com November 17, 2004, 5:02 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
1	England serve notice of intent Whether they care to admit it or not, this was the contest England had yearned for all summer. It was a measure of the team #39;s recent advance that they had become tired of pounding West Indies 
0	Woman Working for British Charity Abducted in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Kidnappers seized a woman who heads a  British charity in Baghdad Tuesday, just over two weeks after  captors beheaded British hostage Kenneth Bigley.
3	Brazil Garbage Dump Could Be Climate Trailblazer (Reuters) Reuters - A Brazilian garbage dump could be a\trailblazer for thousands of projects in developing nations\under a U.N. plan to battle global warming, a Norwegian company\said Wednesday.
1	No. 6 Syracuse 104, N. Colorado 54 Syracuse had lost its last two season openers. The Orange weren #39;t about to make it three in a row. Led by Hakim Warrick and Gerry McNamara, No.
2	Appliance sales give Sears an Oct. surprise Sears Roebuck and Co. surprised naysayers Thursday by reporting a sales gain in October, the first in six months. Sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.9 percent versus a year ago, largely on the strength 
0	Russian Siege Sparks World Horror, Solidarity  LONDON (Reuters) - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,  barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or  more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked  strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders.
1	Bunning: We may need to tackle steroids US Sen. Jim Bunning said Tuesday night that he expects Congress to have to get involved to resolve Major League Baseball #39;s steroid crisis.
0	Annan pledges to cooperate in oil-for-food probe United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, making his first trip to Washington since members of Congress called for his resignation over allegations of fraud in 
1	Nadal Nails Roddick to Give Spain 2-0 Lead  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Teenage rookie Rafael Nadal  blunted the world's fastest serve on Friday to stun Andy  Roddick and give Spain a 2-0 lead over the United States in the  Davis Cup final.
3	Toshiba Fixes Notebook Flaws PC World is reporting that Toshiba will replace faulty memory modules in certain laptop PCs.  quot;The program covers 27 models notebook computers.
1	Mallett gives Waugh Indian curry FORMER Test off-spinner Ashley Mallett has claimed Australia #39;s historic series win in India was due to the fact Steve Waugh was no longer captain of the team.
3	Another strong quarter for eBay (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Aided by strong international growth and better-than-expected back-to-school sales, eBay reported robust third-quarter earnings Wednesday as profit surged 77 percent over last year.
2	Dow Jones to buy MarketWatch for \$520 million MarketWatch, which owns the financial news site CBS MarketWatch.com Web site, has agreed to be bought by Dow Jones  amp; Co. for \$520 million, MarketWatch announced Sunday.
0	78 suffocate to death in Thai army custody PATTANI, THAILAND, OCTOBER 26 : Almost 80 people died in military custody in southern Thailand, suffocated while being transported in trucks to Army barracks after a violent demonstration by Muslims, officials said on Tuesday.
0	Over 100 students, teachers abducted in Napal More than 100 students and teachers have been adducted in Nepal, reported China Radio International Monday morning. Reports said suspected rebels kidnapped 49 students from 
1	Suddenly, Patriots' Weis Has Two Jobs The New England Patriots' offensive coordinator, Charlie Weis, will be introduced Monday as the coach of Notre Dame.
1	A hunter is hunted down in 800 ATHENS Kelly Holmes has spent more than a decade chasing Maria Mutola. On Monday, when it mattered, she finally caught her. Since her first world title in 1993, Mutola, 31, has been the great predator of women #39;s middle distance running.
3	 #39;Building #39; a better turkey San Francisco - Researchers are using the latest in biotechnology to chart the genetic map of turkeys, which have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations in the United States that the big-breasted birds sometimes have trouble 
1	Kastor carries new celebrity status into NYC Marathon Deena Kastor, as humble an athlete as they come, has been struggling with her newfound fame. For the last two months, Kastor has made the daily trek to her post office in tiny 
3	Hefty savings on the Inova X1 &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots of torch for not much cash
2	Update 1: PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
1	Hansen has an uphill struggle for breaststroke bronze ATHENS, Greece  Brendan Hansen is the swimmer who caught a wave and then lost it. He owns two world records and zero gold medals. 
1	Spadea rallies to beat qualifier; makes semis DELRAY BEACH - Vince Spadea snapped out of a mid-match freefall in time to achieve something he never managed before -n upright landing in the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships at the Delray Beach Tennis Center.
2	Parker Hannifin Closes Sporlan Buy Parker Hannifin Corp., a maker of motion-control equipment, said Monday it completed its acquisition of refrigeration and air conditioning company Sporlan Valve Co.
2	Oil Platforms in Gulf Make Ready for Ivan Description: With Hurricane Ivan approaching, oil companies evacuate hundreds of oil workers from drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
3	Expand Beyond gets broad wireless patent Expand Beyond Corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded a broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced Friday.
0	TUI to cut eight percent of its British workforce (AFP) AFP - TUI -- Europe's leading tourism and travel group -- said it is planning to cut eight percent of its workforce in Britain by the end of the year in order to boost efficiency.
3	Gateway's PCs, Notebooks Available at MicroCenter  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PC maker Gateway Inc. said on  Sunday its new line of notebooks, desktop personal computers  and monitors aimed at retail markets will be available at Micro  Center's 20 stores in the United States.
3	Ottawa moves to expand DNA databank OTTAWA - The federal government passed legislation Friday that will authorize judges to order people convicted of child pornography to submit DNA samples.
3	Last-second glitch delays Delta 2 launch; A Delta 2 rocket haunted by two hurricanes, a tornado and technical problems ran into a new snag this morning that stopped the launch countdown at 43 seconds.
1	Marshfield holds off Billerica Billerica's furious comeback attempt fell short as Jerry Freed intercepted three passes to lead Marshfield to a 27-15 win last night.
0	Pinochet under house arrest in Chile ELEANOR HALL: To South American now, where one of the world #39;s most notorious dictators finally looks set to face trial for murder and human rights abuse.
0	Milosevic team seek halt to trial Two lawyers appointed to defend Slobodan Milosevic on war crimes charges ask for his trial to be suspended.
3	Maths holy grail could bring disaster for internet Mathematicians could be on the verge of solving two separate million dollar problems. If they are right - still a big if - and somebody really has cracked the so-called Riemann hypothesis, financial disaster might follow.
0	Pinochet stalls arrest with request to drop charges SANTIAGO (AFP) - Lawyers for Augusto Pinochet stepped up efforts to stop the former Chilean dictator from appearing in court to face charges of murder and kidnapping during his 1973-90 rule.
2	Conway #39;s  #39;ethics #39; led to firing PeopleSoft #39;s board ousted Craig Conway as CEO after he made a misleading statement about the company #39;s ability to recruit customers while fending off Oracle #39;s \$7.
3	Conn. man charged with selling secret Windows code A 27-year-old Connecticut man was arrested today on charges he offered online to sell the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 programs.
2	German business outlook drops Business confidence in Germany, Europe's largest economy, falls to its lowest level in more than a year.
3	Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility Opens A synchrotron acts like a gigantic microscope that generates intense beams of brilliant light to view the microstructure of materials.
3	Who #39;s calling? It might not be who you think it is A start-up began offering a technology Wednesday that can spoof a caller ID number, potentially opening the door to telemarketing calls that seem to be coming from a relative or a different company.
2	Canadians Buying More Liquor, Especially Foreign-Made Beer Canadians are buying more alcohol, including wine and beer, though less and less of the beer is being sold by domestic producers such as Molson Inc.
3	MessageLabs taps Brightmail in war on spam Email filtering firm MessageLabs yesterday announced a deal to incorporate Symantec #39;s Brightmail anti-spam technology into its own anti-spam service.
0	Plan to scrap GCSEs and A-levels England's secondary schools should drop GCSEs and A-levels for a diploma, a report says, but reaction is mixed.
3	A Tribute to Spam, the Meat A trip to Spamtown USA to check out a museum celebrating the canned pork product reminds us how Spam made an impact on world cuisine long before its name became synonymous with unwanted e-mail. Michelle Delio reports from Austin, Minnesota.
1	Many similarities, differences between #39;04 US basketball and #39;80 Soviet hockey teams This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip to the woodshed Sunday. 
0	South Korea Completes Iraq Deployment of 2,800 Troops  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea completed the deployment of  2,800 troops to Iraq on Wednesday, the defense ministry said as  it lifted a news blackout on the sensitive mission imposed in  the face of anti-war demonstrations.
1	European team starts to take shape Luke Donald made an early charge in a late bid to make his first Ryder Cup team, but now must wait one week to see if European captain Bernhard Langer finds him worthy of a captain #39;s pick.
1	Time running out for class of 1996 Some things never change. Manchester City are still looking for their first win at Old Trafford in three decades. Kevin Keegan is still moved to tears whenever he encounters Sir Alex Ferguson and Alan Smith 
1	Henin-Hardenne Bounced from US Open Defending women #39;s champion and top-seed Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium is out of the US Open tennis tournament in New York.
0	Russian Rebels Had Precise Plan Investigators suspect that the attackers had secreted a cache of weapons in the school weeks before their brutal attack.
3	Game for a new tune? It's not hip-hop. It's blip-pop. That's what the Gameboyzz Orchestra Project calls the sounds it squeezes out of a half dozen Game Boy consoles. Missing Links
0	Racist attacks cast shadow over French liberation celebrations Paris partied to celebrate the 60th anniversary of liberation from Nazi occupation yesterday, but its mayor warned that, faced with a recent surge in racist and anti-semitic attacks, the city needed to recover the courage it had shown in the summer of 1944 
3	MP3 losing steam? After years as the unrivaled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple Computer.
2	Radio veteran Karmazin joins Sirius Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. named former Viacom Inc. president Mel Karmazin chief executive Thursday, a month after signing talk-show host Howard Stern to lure listeners.
1	Thursday #39;s previews Points: With no hurricanes approaching Hattiesburg, Southern Miss finally gets to play at home. Traveling, however, hasn #39;t bothered the Golden Eagles, who lead the nation in turnover margin (3.
2	House prices cool off in August House price growth slowed in August, with London seeing the lowest increases in prices, government figures show.
3	Rise Of Virtual Wireless Firms (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Operating a wireless phone company is hardly a license to print money. Many wireless firms struggle to generate cash flow. It normally takes years to break even.
0	IAEA Leader's Phone Tapped  The Bush administration has dozens of intercepts of Mohamed ElBaradei's phone calls with Iranian diplomats and is scrutinizing them in search of ammunition to oust him as director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, according to three U.S. government officials.
0	Standing up to Syria THERE ARE occasions when symbolic gestures in the realm of diplomacy are worth making, and the UN Security Council resolution that Washington and Paris sponsored Thursday to denounce Syria #39;s flagrant manipulation of Lebanese politics was one of those 
1	Ichiro notches 4 more hits, moves within 10 of record Seattle Mariners right fielder Ichiro Suzuki produced four hits on Wednesday, reaching his 247th this season and only 10 shy of the Major League record of most hits in a single season.
0	Brazil Reacts Angrily to Report on Nukes (AP) AP - Brazil on Friday denounced a U.S. magazine report saying Brazil's uranium enrichment plant will give it the potential to build nuclear warheads.
0	Poor weather hits Unilever sales Shares in Unilever fall after the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant issues a surprise profits warning.
3	Oracle extends offer for PeopleSoft again Oracle yesterday extended its controversial bid for enterprise resource software provider PeopleSoft, while both companies await the final judge #39;s ruling in the Department of Justice (DoJ) anti-competition case.
2	IBM Sales Exec Swainson to Become CA CEO Computer Associates International Inc. (CA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as chief executive, completing a long search to replace indicted 
2	Britain objects to harmonised EU tax rate Moves to harmonise corporate tax systems across the European Union are to be resuscitated, despite the objections of Britain and Ireland.
0	EU foreign policy chief holds contacts with Hamas The European Union foreign policy chief, Javier Solana, has recently held a secret meeting with representatives of Palestinian movement, Hamas, it was revealed on Thursday.
3	A new event in programming? A Caltech spinoff's new programming language could make it easier for software to digest RFID data and look for security breaches.
2	Santomero Says Rates 'Still Stimulative'  MADRID (Reuters) - U.S. interest rates are still  stimulative but should return to "more normal levels" as  expansion continues, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President  Anthony Santomero said on Saturday.
0	Karzai Seen Winning Outright First-Round Victory The latest official preliminary results from Afghanistan #39;s 9 October 9 presidential election show transitional leader Hamid Karzai has won the clear majority needed for an outright first-round victory.
3	AOL Places Classified Listings in Search Engine Results AOL Places Classified Listings in Search Engine Results\\Although AOL has yet to launch their AOL InStore into their search engine results, according to AuctionBytes, AOL is now testing the inclusion of AOL Classified Ads into their normal Google powered search listings. The classified listings are now being tested in AOL ...
0	Barghouti to Run for Palestinian Leader (AP) AP - Marwan Barghouti, a leader of the Palestinian uprising jailed by Israel but perhaps the strongest candidate to oust Yasser Arafat's old guard of politicians, plans to run in upcoming presidential elections, a person close to Barghouti said Saturday.
2	Asbestos scandal forces Hardie CEO, CFO to step down SYDNEY: The top two executives of James Hardie Industries NV stepped down today, a week after a government inquiry found the company broke the law and lied to thousands of asbestos victims and financial markets.
1	Miami Heat Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The Heat suffered a 93-84 loss to the San Antonio Spurs on Friday night at the SBC Center. Shaquille O #39;Neal had 23 points and 21 rebounds for Miami, which played without star guard Dwyane 
1	Denver's Rodney White Suspended by NBA (AP) AP - Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White was suspended without pay for one game by the NBA on Thursday for pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
2	Questions on local impact of Kmart-Sears merger remain With the \$11 billion merger of Sears and Kmart announced Wednesday, a Grand Island financial consultant says the community will have to  quot;wait and see quot; about the impact it will have on Grand Island #39;s retail community.
0	Gore and Kerry Unite in Search for Black Votes As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.
2	Oil ministers gather in Vienna, oppose high price of oil VIENNA : OPEC ministers gathered in Vienna to talk business, with powerbroker Saudi Arabia saying the 11-member cartel was against a 40-dollar price tag on oil, while admitting it is difficult to reduce.
1	Raiders notes: Wheatley says he #39;ll miss 2 to 4 weeks Bee Staff Writer. ALAMEDA - Raiders starting running back Tyrone Wheatley says he #39;ll be out up to a month - not that the team wants you to know.
2	Move Over, Edison (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - MaryLou O'Malley wants to get something off her chest--or collarbone, more precisely. The 72-year-old is tired of having to adjust her necklace when it slips around her neck. Wouldn't it be wonderful, she says, if there were an adhesive to keep her jewelry stuck to her skin?
2	Gazprom to Bid for YUKOS Key Oil Unit  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Gazprom said on Tuesday it will  bid for embattled oil firm YUKOS' main unit next month, as the  Kremlin seeks to turn the world's biggest gas producer into a  major oil player.
1	Duquette denies report on Howe Partially out of necessity, Art Howe opts to ignore the newspapers that circulate throughout his neighborhood. As a result, he had to be briefed on a New York Daily News 
1	It's clear they know who to call for help  quot;Commissioner Tagliabue, it's Commissioner Stern on Line 1. quot;  quot;Who's Commissioner Stern? quot;
1	No timetable for Expos move com. Despite reports to the contrary, Major League Baseball has yet to set up a timetable for a decision on the future of the Montreal Expos and a possible move to Washington, DC, baseball #39;s No.
1	The real dirt on Mawae Patriots safety Rodney Harrison was voted the dirtiest player in football in a recent poll conducted by Sports Illustrated of 354 current and former NFL players. Surprised?
1	Shevchenko #39;s goals will be crucial. (Getty Images) AC Milan begin their Serie A campaign at home to newly-promoted Livorno on Saturday evening under the weight of great expectation.
0	IG Metall union vows to stand strong in salary negotiations with VW (AFP) AFP - The IG Metall union pledged its determination to prevail in what is expected to be turbulent salary negotiations this week with car manufacturer Volkswagen, which is demanding large sacrifices from employees.
2	The Week #39;s Business: Putting Black behind bars or recovering money &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even in the context of current outrage against corporate malfeasance, the tone of a report released this week detailing financial self-dealing by Conrad Black and his top lieutenant at Hollinger International Inc.
0	21 Iraqi policemen shot dead west of Baghdad At least 21 Iraqi policemen were killed by an armed group that stormed a police station Sunday in a small town located 200 kilometres west of Baghdad, a police officer said.
0	China Attacks Human Rights Report (AP) AP - Pro-Beijing media launched a scathing attack Friday on a report alleging human rights violations ahead of Hong Kong's weekend election, and a Chinese official lashed out at the "wicked" watchdog group that prepared it.
3	Barred From the Apple Store The computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. But when it comes to running an in-store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. By Leander Kahney.
0	Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.
1	Unobstructed Views: Olympic-sized fools For all their troubles, the Olympic Games remain the greatest unifying force in the world. Every four years, they draw a diverse international audience, bridging cultural gaps, transcending ethnic divisions, and uniting us all in a single, harmonious ...
2	India #39;s software exports booming This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. India #39;s software exports are on track to grow by 30 percent in the 2004-2005 fiscal year 
2	Greenspan Says U.S. Can Weather Oil Prices Record oil prices are unlikely to inflict the economic pain they did in the 1970s, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday, adding that he thought the world could adjust to higher-priced oil.
2	US wants Dodge SUV, pickup recall Federal safety regulators have told DaimlerChrysler to recall 600,000 of the most popular vehicles on the road -- the Dodge Durango SUV and the Dodge Dakota pickup truck -- due to problems with front-end ball joints.
0	US rules out joining Kyoto treaty The US tells a UN conference on climate change it has no intention of joining the Kyoto Protocol in the near future.
3	GM, Ford Embrace New Systems  For SUV Stability General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said yesterday that they are rushing to adopt a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard on most of their large and mid-size sport-utility vehicles by the end of next year.
0	UN agency confirms missing explosives in Iraq As the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency confirmed Monday that about 380 tons of explosives are missing from an Iraqi military complex, the issue quickly moved into the presidential campaign.
1	Tyler Hamilton fired by cycling team, which is barred from pro &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping. The Swiss-based International Cycling Union, or UCI, said Tuesday 
0	New Backup Voting System May Pose Problems (AP) AP - Call it the law of unintended consequences. A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing Election Day problems as infamous as Florida's hanging chads.
2	Stanley Works buying two security companies NEW BRITAIN, Conn. (Dow Jones/AP) _ The Stanley Works agreed to buy Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems, and said it completed the acquisition of Cal-Dor Specialties Inc.
1	Sun get jump on Liberty in Game 1 Home-court advantage was not kind to the New York Liberty Friday night. And the Connecticut Sun, which has built somewhat of a reputation for putting 
0	Sadr agrees to accept Iraq peace mission demands BAGHDAD : Shiite militia leader Moqtada Sadr has agreed to disarm and quit a holy shrine in Najaf as demanded by Iraq #39;s key national conference, one of the organisers of the meeting said. 
1	Cink Answers Skeptics With Emphatic Victory If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority Sunday at the NEC Invitational.
1	Bryant Gets First Tour Win at Texas Open (AP) AP - Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, closing with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
3	ATI #39;s Radeon Xpress 200 chipset reviewed Intel may be struggling a bit with its processors right now, but the company smacked one out of the park with the introduction of its 900-series chipsets.
3	Barrett still has some fight in him ORLANDO, Fla.--Intel #39;s chief executive Craig Barrett may be set to retire soon, but he #39;s going out fighting. Speaking to more than 6,500 technology executives at an industry conference sponsored by market 
2	Trump Hotels Said to Reach Deal to Avoid Bankruptcy Trump Hotels has reached a preliminary agreement with its investors to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, fending off a possible bankruptcy filing.
3	Liberal Praise Drawn From Unlikely Source Marketer says left-leaning groups are miles ahead in using the Internet for political advocacy.
3	Thoughts on the Google IPO About the Google IPO\\For the past nine months the financial and Internet world has been watching Google in anticipation of what could be the largest Initial Public Offering of stock in history. If you are reading this column and have not been living on Mars for the past year, you ...
1	Irish could silence some critics with win over the Vols While many unhappy alumni claim Tyrone Willingham is the latest coach to erode the Irish #39;s king-sized status, it #39;s also important to note that Notre Dame hasn 
0	Russia terror wave exposes weak intelligence Following the third attack in eight days, the capability of security services against militants is questioned.
0	EU leaders to sign constitution Heads of state gather in Rome to sign the EU constitution, as a row over the new Commission continues.
2	Britains HHG sells life services arm for 1bil MELBOURNE: Britains HHG Plc has agreed to sell its life insurance business for 1.025bil to Life Company Investor Group, and plans to return 875mil of the proceeds to shareholders.
2	Checking system going all-electronic Changes are bringing Americans closer to a checkless society -- changes that could be costly if you aren #39;t careful. The first checks in the United States were 
2	Bid launched for property firm Chelsfield Global shopping mall owner Westfield Group, Australian developer Multiplex Group and Britain #39;s Reuben brothers have launched a planned 585 million pounds bid for Duelguide, owner of the UK property firm Chelsfield.
0	Aristide supporters rally as Haiti violence continues Authorities found the decapitated bodies of three policemen as sporadic gunfire killed at least one civilian in Haiti #39;s capital on the second day of violent protests staged by followers of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
3	Samsung develops high-capacity smart card chip Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has begun producing a smart card IC (integrated circuit) chip that the company claims contains a larger amount of erasable and programmable memory than those of competitors, it said in a statement on Tuesday.
3	eBay bidding ends at \$28,000 for 10-year-old sandwich with image HOLLYWOOD, Fla. Half of a ten-year-old grilled cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary has sold on eBay for 28-thousand dollars.
2	Fed Seen Sticking to Measured Rate Raises (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Federal Reserve will take\another small step this week toward raising interest rates to\more normal levels, but may be getting rates up to a point that\allows for a pause in increasing them, analysts say.
0	Japan Protests Incursion by Nuclear Sub Japan lodged a formal protest with the Chinese government on Friday after determining that an unidentified nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters this week belonged to China.
1	Flying Finn Given Two Years for Aggravated Assault  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Former Finnish ski jumping star Matti  Nykanen was sentenced to 2 years in jail after a court found  him guilty of aggravated assault on Wednesday, the chief  prosecutor said.
1	Johansson shocks top seed Agassi STOCKHOLM, Sweden -- Swede Thomas Johansson shocked top seed Andre Agassi 3-6 6-3 7-6 in a thrilling final at the Stockholm Open, to pick up his first title since the 2002 Australian Open.
1	2-run single by Bellhorn lifts Boston BOSTON - Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth Tuesday night as the Boston Red Sox rallied for a 3-2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles, snapping a three-game losing streak.
3	Sony Launches Vaio with 1 Terabyte Hard Drive two dedicated for PC applications and two for program recording. In extended-play mode, the Vaio PC can store 19 
0	Around the world The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply Sunday to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti #39;s devastated northwestern region.
2	CAO #39;s Chen to return to Singapore THE man at the centre of the China Aviation Oil (CAO) scandal is expected back in Singapore and with him possibly will come the key to unlocking the mystery behind the company #39;s collapse.
0	Paper peace doves fall over southern Thailand as violence &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PATTANI : Fifty aircraft scattered 120 million paper birds across southern Thailand on Sunday in a peace gesture marred by new killings in the troubled Muslim-majority region.
0	Nepal troops face 'abuse' charge The US-based Human Rights Watch says both Nepalese troops and Maoist rebels are responsible for civilian killings and abductions.
2	Bush pressing case for  #39;ownership society #39; Amid signs that the economy is cooling, President Bush is showcasing initiatives for a second term under the banner of an  quot;ownership society quot; in hopes of bolstering his economic stewardship credentials.
2	Three percent is no longer sacred Ten days ago, the European Commission made an extremely significant decision on the Stability and Growth Pact, which lays down the principles of economic policy for states belonging to the euro bloc.
1	First impressions lasting for Henry Larry Lucchino breezed into John W. Henry's office in Fenway Park yesterday afternoon carrying the newest ornament for the principal owner's desk: The William Harridge American League championship trophy, in which a golden eagle, brandishing the league banner, sits atop a silver baseball.
0	Prince Harry in nightclub scuffle Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle outside a London nightclub on Wednesday night, royal officials said. The prince, third in line to the British throne, also cut a photographer #39;s lip 
2	Alitalia #39;s Board Likely to Approve Rescue Plan, EU400 Mln Loan Alitalia SpA #39;s board is likely to approve today Chief Executive Officer Giancarlo Cimoli #39;s rescue plan for Italy #39;s largest airline, after he won concessions from the carrier #39;s nine major unions on job cuts.
0	Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia in latest attack on foreigners (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) - A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city Jiddah early Sunday, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
0	Tribesmen Press for Hostages' Release (AP) AP - Hundreds of tribesmen gathered Tuesday near the area where suspected al-Qaida-linked militants are holding two Chinese engineers and demanding safe passage to their reputed leader, a former U.S. prisoner from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials and residents said.
2	Saving by Spending: Do UPromise? It's strange but true -- the more you spend, the more you'll save for school.
3	Veritas buys KVS, plugs archive hole Underlining the importance of message archiving software, Veritas Software Corp. has announced plans for a \$224 million cash acquisition of KVS Software Ltd.
3	Verizon launches Iobi phone manager service Verizon Communications on Tuesday launched its Iobi service that merges regular telephone lines with Internet-based features such as voice messages available through e-mail and automatic call forwarding.
3	"Year's Best" Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight Attention skywatchers: Grab a lawn chair and bundle up, because what experts believe will be this year's best meteor shower peaks tonight.
3	Verizon picks Motorola for video on fiber Verizon Communications is stepping further into video as a way to compete against cable companies.
3	Cheap thrills Sven Jaschan, who may face five years in prison for spreading the Netsky and Sasser worms, is now working in IT security. Photo: AFP.
3	Bungie Founder Unearths New Game Alex Seropian #39;s Stubbs the Zombie in  quot;Rebel without a Pulse quot; uses Halo engine in new third-person action game. October 29, 2004 - Aspyr Media and Wideload Games today dug up their newest creation, revealing 
2	Walker may buy back Iceland stores FORMER chairman of frozen food supermarket chain Iceland, Malcolm Walker, is being linked to a possible buy- back of the business, now trading as part of the Big Food Group.
0	Bush Plans to Withdraw Troops From Abroad (AP) AP - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military families, but won't ease the strain on soldiers still battling violent factions in Iraq and Afghanistan.
0	Every reform has its limits AGAIN, Nigeria walks the path of conflict that is not only unnecessary and avoidable, it is potentially harmful and disruptive to the nations social, economic and political stability.
3	IBM Unwraps Middle Tier i5 Server IBM on Tuesday unveiled the eServer i5 550, a new addition to its Power 5-based lineup that it #39;s aiming at mid-sized business. 
1	Idle Badgers move up in polls Madison, WI (U-WIRE) -- Despite not playing this weekend, the Wisconsin football team (5-0 Big Ten, 8-0 overall) moved up in both the Associated Press Poll and the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll.
2	Qualcomm acquires small UK software company in cash deal Qualcomm, the San Diego cell phone technology developer, said yesterday it has acquired a British software company for \$36 million in cash.
1	Texas rises to No. 7 in latest BCS rankings and not only on the political spectrum. Another November - another BCS college football quagmire looming. With the release 
2	Carmakers Fight Calif. Anti-Pollution Law Major automakers are challenging a state law requiring cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years, a requirement companies say is prohibitively expensive.
0	Asia views Bush victory as boost for war on terror Most Asian countries yesterday hailed the re-election of George W. Bush as a boost for the global  quot;war on terror, quot; but some asked the US president to look beyond to other issues as he begins a fresh four-year term.
2	Spitzer seen suing Universal Life Resources NEW YORK - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who is probing bid-rigging in the insurance industry, expects to file suit against health insurance consultant Universal Life Resources as early as Friday, a spokesman for his office said.
2	Newsday Replaces Top Editor  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; Newsday  newspaper, which got a new publisher in July after a  circulation scandal, on Tuesday replaced its top editor, Howard  Schneider, who was in the job for about a year.
3	World #39;s lightest flying micro-robot unveiled The world #39;s lightest flying micro-robot has been developed by Japan #39;s Seiko Epson Corporation. The 12-gram robot resembles a small helicopter and is about 136 millimetres wide 
0	New al-Qaida tape likely authentic A new audiotape purportedly from al-Qaida #39;s second-in-command urging Muslim youths to attack the United States is probably authentic, a US intelligence official said.
2	Wrigley adds Altoids, Life Savers to lineup The worlds dominant chewing-gum maker is looking to extend its marketing might to candy. Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said Monday that it has agreed to buy the 
0	Crucial vote looms on Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.
0	These Days, the College Bowl Is Filled With Milk and Cereal Students these days are consuming breakfast cereal as if their grade-point averages depended on it - for breakfast, lunch, dinner and in between.
1	Arsenal Gets Back to Winning Ways (AP) AP - Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.
0	Rooney shirts go to war children Everton shirts sporting the name of Wayne Rooney could soon be seen on the streets of Liberia, West Africa.
2	GE Net Rises General Electric (GE ) posted 38 cents vs. 36 cents third-quarter earnings per share (adjusted) on a 15 rise in total revenue. GE narrowed its 2004 earnings per share guidance to \$1.
1	Focal point: Bill Parcells vs. Joe Gibbs Nobody respects coach Joe Gibbs more than me, but this week I see the Cowboys and coach Bill Parcells having the upper hand. I #39;m sure Gibbs is going to get the Redskins back to an elite level, but this is just his first season.
0	EU in Sudan for Darfur talks European Union Foreign Policy chief Javier Solana has arrived in Sudan where he is expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur. Solana arrived from Addis Ababa on Saturday , where he had announced that the 
3	U.S. Drops Effort for Treaty Banning Cloning Faced with polarizing division in the General Assembly, the U.S. abandoned its attempt to obtain a treaty banning all human cloning.
3	Oracle wins PeopleSoft shareholder vote PeopleSoft investors keep \$9.2 billion bid in play, but the deal still faces hurdles.
3	AMD Demonstrates 90nm x86 Dual-Core Processor AMD has been demonstrating the industrys first x86 dual-core processor at its Austin facilities on an HP ProLiant DL585 server powered by four dual-core Opteron processors manufactured on 90nm SOI process technology, the company announced today.
1	Sindelar keeps Canadian Open lead Oakville, Canada - Joey Sindelar #39;s five-under par 66 kept the American atop the leaderboard here Friday after the conclusion of the opening round of the rain-plagued PGA Canadian Open.
3	Multicore Chips May Push Intel Off Its Bus Chip giant will need to introduce integrated memory controllers or redesign its frontside bus, analysts say.
1	Moyes rallying call to Everton faithful DAVID MOYES will attempt to rid Everton of Wayne Rooney hysteria and focus on keeping the momentum going after last weekend #39;s win at promoted Crystal Palace.
2	 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks A federal judge denied a request by Pfizer (nyse: PFE - news - people ) to halt competitors #39; sales of gabapentin, a generic form of Pfizer #39;s Neurontin epilepsy drug.
0	Indonesian Muslim cleric Bashir claims innocence ahead of terror trial (AFP) AFP - A hardline Indonesian Muslim cleric protested his innocence as he was taken to court amid blanket security to stand trial for involvement in the deadly Bali and Marriott hotel bombings.
2	U.S. Mortgage Rates Rise in Latest Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year and  15-year mortgages rose in the latest week as an improving  economy stoked fears of inflation, mortgage finance company  Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
3	Epson develops worlds lightest flying robot The micro-robot weighs a mere 8.6 grams without battery, or 12.3 grams with the battery attached. It measures 13.6 centimeters in diameter and 8.5 centimeters in height.
1	Holdout offensive tackle signs with Rams The five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle will get only four days of practice to prepare for the St. Louis Rams #39; opener after signing a one-year contract for \$7.
0	We #39;ve convicted al-Qaida supporters, says Iran Iran acknowledged for the first time today it has convicted some Iranians of supporting al-Qaida. A few pro-al Qaida Iranian nationals have been tried and convicted, said foreign ministry spokesman Hamid Reza Asefi.
3	Brightest Lights Rise Together Like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers gliding across the silver screen, the planets Venus and Jupiter dance cheek-to-cheek through our morning skies Thursday and Friday.
1	Final Score: Tennessee 27, Green Bay 7 Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Chris Brown rushed for 98 yards on eight carries, leading the Tennessee Titans to a 27-7 romp over the Green Bay Packers in the preseason finale for both teams at the Coliseum.
3	UK takes lead role in stem cell research POTTERS BAR, England At the end of a winding country road lined with hedgerows and tidy brick homes sits a new prefabricated building chock-full of monitors and filters.
1	Prso stars in leading role Rangers #39; revival continued with victory over a stubborn and game Motherwell side at Fir Park - courtesy of two Dado Prso strikes, six minutes from the end of each half -o keep them on 
0	TCS COP 10 Coverage: Climate Confusion The current debate over climate change runs the gamut from C to shining C. It #39;s about climate. It #39;s about catastrophe. It #39;s about consensus.
3	Gates: Longhorn changed to make deadlines Microsoft on Friday set late 2006 as the deadline when it will ship Longhorn, the next major version of Windows. But to make that date, it had to delay the full implementation WinFS, an ambitious file system 
1	IT #39;S A BIG STRIDE FOR POULTER AS SERGIO IS PIPPED IAN POULTER won a play-off with Sergio Garcia to ensure a memorable year for the Englishman last night. Poulter, the colourful character who loves to wear bright trousers, was part of the triumphant European Ryder Cup team.
2	Update 1: Viacom Posts Loss on Blockbuster Charge Viacom Inc., the media conglomerate that owns CBS and MTV, posted a third-quarter loss of \$487.6 million Thursday as its earnings were hit by a \$1.
3	PDAs incorporate barcode scanning, VoIP ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
2	FCC Considers Cell Phone Use On Airplanes Air travelers moved one step closer to being able to talk on cell phones and surf the Internet from laptops while in flight, thanks to votes by the Federal Communications Commission yesterday.
1	Top-heavy matchups Seven Atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest Sports Network Division 1-AA poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: No. 8 Maine plays at No. 4 Delaware and No. 12 New Hampshire is at No. 10 Villanova. In addition, No. 16 Northeastern plays at conference rival William  amp; Mary, the highest vote-getter outside the rankings.
0	AP: Ex-Colombian Rebels Seen As Farmers (AP) AP - Rebels and paramilitary fighters who have laid down their arms in Colombia could soon be slaughtering hogs and cultivating blueberries if a proposal by members of Congress succeeds.
2	Malden Mills buyback plan hits setback Aaron M. Feuerstein's ambitions to buy back control of Malden Mills Industries Inc. suffered a blow recently when a major real estate partner said it was no longer interested in continuing a financing agreement.
3	Messaging security cuts wider swath Enterprise security products that once focused solely on spam are broadening scope to tackle messaging issues, compliance violations, phishing scams, and viruses.
0	Japan set to gain nonpermanent seat NEW YORK-Japan on Friday was expected to win a two-year term as a nonpermanent member of the United Nations Security Council, a status that could help Tokyo #39;s campaign for a permanent seat, UN sources said.
1	Austrians Sweep Podium in Val Gardena Super G Val Gardena, Italy (Friday, December 17, 2004) - Michael Walchhofer led Austrians to fill the podium in today #39;s World Cup Super G in the Italian ski resort of Val Gardena.
0	Jeanne Makes Landfall Near Stuart, Fla. STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne sent wind and huge waves crashing ashore as it slammed into storm-weary Florida late Saturday, forcing thousands into shelters and tearing part of the roof from a hospital...
0	Rwanda threatens to attack rebels in Congo A senior Rwandan government official signaled Wednesday Rwandan troops will attack the Congo-based rebels by saying that Rwanda will do all possible to defend her nationals if attacked by the militia.
3	Cisco, Microsoft bridge security gap Cisco Systems and Microsoft have announced a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.
0	EU and Turkey Seal Historic Deal on Entry Talks  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey struck  an historic deal on Friday to start talks next year on  admitting the vast Muslim nation to the bloc after last-minute  haggling over Ankara's relationship with EU member Cyprus.
1	Upbeat De Bruijn Fastest in 50 Freestyle Heats  ATHENS (Reuters) - Inge de Bruijn, two of her three Olympic  titles already lost, showed her determination to cling on to  the last when she posted the fastest time in the 50 meters  freestyle heats in Athens on Friday.
1	Gordon #39;s goal: Get lead, avoid  #39;big one #39; Jeff Gordon has a chance to tie the late Dale Earnhardt #39;s record of three victories at restrictor-plate racetracks in one season.
2	Vaso Active: Settles SEC Fraud Charges  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drug maker Vaso Active Pharmaceuticals  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VAPH.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VAPH.PK&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said U.S. regulators approved a  settlement with the company and its former chief executive over  allegedly misleading disclosures in public documents.
2	Oil Extends Retreat Ahead of U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses  on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel  stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
0	Hurricanes Damaged Florida Polling Places (AP) AP - The hurricanes that struck Florida this year left polling places in shambles and displaced thousands of voters, but election officials say they are taking steps to allow everyone the opportunity to cast a ballot Nov. 2.
3	Q A: John Swainson, CA's new CEO, lays out his priorities John Swainson, named CEO-elect of Computer Associates last week, spoke with Computerworld about his new job, the future of CA World, his review of CA management products and ethics reforms.
0	Palestinians Ask for Election Monitors Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel #39;s unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 
2	Ex-Rite Aid officer gets 10-year jail term HARRISBURG, Penn. - A former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman was sentenced on Thursday to 10 years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought the US drug store chain near bankruptcy.
1	Fish Beats Hernych at St. Petersburg ST. PETERSBURG, Russia Oct 25, 2004 - Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St.
2	Colorado telecom on buyout streak Englewood-based Evolving Systems is proving that Denver #39;s telecom industry still has some pizazz left after the dot-com meltdown.
0	China Hints U.S. Must Return Guantanamo Separatists  BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing has hinted that if the United  States releases any Guantanamo Bay detainees from its restive  Muslim far west Xinjiang region, they should be handed over to  Beijing and not sent to a third country.
3	Microsoft Launches Desktop Search Microsoft debuts a preview of its long-anticipated desktop search as part of a toolbar suite that integrates with Windows, Internet Explorer, and the company #39;s Outlook e-mail client.
2	Limit expected to be reached as early as this week WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- With 29 days to go before the presidential election, a group of Democrats on Capitol Hill is pressing John Snow to do more to raise the federal government #39;s mandatory debt ceiling, which is poised to be reached as soon as this week.
0	Nepali villagers flee after Maoist threat KATHMANDU: Thousands of villagers have fled districts in Nepal #39;s remote eastern region following threats by Maoist rebels to attack the area and set up a  quot;people #39;s government, quot; human rights and local officials said yesterday.
0	Palestinians Mourn Hero's Defeat in Arab Pop Contest  SALFIT, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinians  gathered at a West Bank park on Sunday, defying Islamic  militant disapproval, in the hope their pop idol would become  the first Palestinian to win an Arab song contest.
0	Lawmakers Argue Over Tax-Return Snooping (AP) AP - A skeleton crew of lawmakers voted Wednesday to keep the government from shutting down as House Democrats lambasted Republicans over a provision passed last week that both parties agreed was a turkey.
2	US Stocks Rise on Earnings Optimism; Shares of Alcoa Advance US stocks rose as optimism about third-quarter earnings reports overshadowed record oil prices. Alcoa Inc., which is scheduled to announce results tomorrow, led gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
2	BP Has Bumper Profits on High Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil Giant BP Plc reported bumper  third-quarter profits thanks to high oil prices, but its higher  capital expenditure plans raised some concerns about the size  of future share buybacks.
1	U.S. Men Qualify for Final in Shot Put (AP) AP - Two U.S. men advanced to the final of the shot put Wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the Olympics 2,780 years ago.
0	Pakistan Ups Security, Shi'ites Mourn Bomb Victims  SIALKOT, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan beefed up security  Saturday as minority Shi'ite Muslims prepared to bury victims  of a suicide bomb attack on a mosque in the eastern town of  Sialkot that killed at least 30 people a day earlier.
0	 #39;Jackal #39; Accomplice Acquitted of Bombings A German court acquitted the suspected right-hand man of international guerrilla  quot;Carlos the Jackal quot; Monday of charges that he took part in deadly bomb attacks in France more than 20 years ago.
0	UN Envoy Says 10,000 Peacekeepers Needed for Sudan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations will  recommend up to 10,000 peacekeepers for Sudan if Khartoum and  southern rebels sign a landmark peace agreement to end a  21-year-old civil war, a senior U.N. envoy said on Tuesday.
3	Update: Judge rules for Oracle in PeopleSoft case NEW YORK - The judge presiding over the U.S. Department of Justice's (DOJ) attempt to block Oracle Corp.'s proposed takeover of rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. ruled in Oracle's favor on Thursday, removing one obstacle preventing the hostile acquisition.
1	Soccer / Champions League / Mac. TA confident as injury and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Maccabi Tel Aviv will hold a short training session tonight as it concludes preparations for tomorrow #39;s Champions League Rosh Hashanah clash with Bayern Munich.
2	New home sales rise The US Commerce Department said Wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in September to a 1.206 million annual rate, the third-highest pace on record.
1	Celt #39;s Euro dream is over THE curtain closed on Celtic #39;s European dream for another season after the Bhoys were held to a 0-0 draw at home to Milan with the result meaning that Shakhtar Donetsk, who won their 
2	Xerox reports 39 percent increase in third-quarter profits STAMFORD, Conn. -- Xerox Corp. reported Thursday that third-quarter profits increased 39 percent, citing strong sales of new products and demand for document services.
2	Volkswagen workers walk out in Hanover, wage talks to continue FRANKFURT : Hundreds of workers at German auto maker Volkswagen #39;s Hanover plant walked off the job, as management and union representatives readied to resume deadlocked wage and job talks.
3	Beware! Sand in This Physics Lab May Eat You Alive Scientists have shown that it is possible to vanish into a pile of completely dry sand just as easily as traditional quicksand.
2	Wal-Mart Rejects Proposed D.C. Location Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would scrap plans to build its first District store after senior executives visited the proposed site in the Brentwood, NE neighborhood and found it did not meet their requirements.
0	Day Six preview Day six of the Olympics will see Great Britain's Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms go for gold in badminton.
2	News Corp. plans poison pill to thwart Liberty WASHINGTON - Two of the world #39;s media titans may be getting set to square off in a clash that will have a wide impact across the industry.
3	Dual-core IBM PowerPC 'to ship in single-core form' Standalone part - or a dualie with one dud core?
1	Wildcats spring Sproles for another huge game MANHATTAN, Kan. -- Darren Sproles ran for 221 yards and a touchdown on 42 carries, leading No. 12 Kansas State to a season-opening 27-13 victory over Division 1-AA Western Kentucky last night.
3	Humanoid robot learns how to run Honda's new, improved Asimo robot is able to run, interact with people and shake his hips.
3	FCC delves into radio tag challenges Industry experts join government panel to look at what's keeping the old-fashioned bar code around.
1	Miami maintains BCS hope MIAMI -- Brock Berlin threw for a career-best 361 yards and four touchdowns in just over a half, and No. 12 Miami stayed in contention for an Atlantic Coast Conference title yesterday by routing Wake Forest, 52-7.
0	North Korea Dismisses Powell Trip to Asia (AP) AP - North Korea dismissed Secretary of State Colin Powell's Asian trip as pre-U.S. election trickery Saturday and warned it will double its nuclear deterrent force if Washington persists in challenging the North's nuclear weapons programs.
2	US Airways asks court to end 3 union contracts, pensions US Airways yesterday asked a US Bankruptcy Court to wipe out the collective bargaining agreements of 20,000 employees, terminate the pensions of 53,000 existing 
1	Ferguson ready for Arsenal youngsters Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson expects to face Arsene Wenger #39;s young Gunners when the fierce rivals meet again at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
0	Indonesian Man Arrested, Lied About Fire (AP) AP - An Indonesian man has been arrested for failing to disclose on his U.S. visa application that he poured gasoline during a riot over gas prices, helping start a fire that killed more than 200 people in Jakarta, authorities said Thursday.
0	Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...
3	Yahoo Unveils Mobile Search, Google Rivalry Rages  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Internet media company Yahoo Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=YHOO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;YHOO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday launched its Web search service aimed at  mobile phone users in the United States, opening a new front in  its rivalry with Internet search leader Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GOOG.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;
1	Trescothick Ton Lifts England Marcus Trescothick maintained his consistent form in the ICC Champions Trophy with a century as favourites England totalled 217 against West Indies in todays final at The Oval.
0	Military recovers Italian worker (10:39 am) ITALIAN aid worker Andrea Cianferoni was released was released unharmed early Wednesday, the military said. Cianferoni, who was seized Tuesday by four hooded gunmen in Lanao del Norte province, was released 
2	To Try to Stop Sale, Yukos Files Chapter 11 in US The Russian oil giant Yukos sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States on Wednesday, requesting an emergency court hearing in Texas to stop the Russian 
3	MSN and Yahoos Overture Extend Paid Search Relationship MSN and Yahoo's Overture Extend Paid Search Relationship\\Yahoo's Overture is going to continue to serve ads on MSN Search for the next 18 months. Overture today announced that they have extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft Corp. in the United States and internationally through June 2006.\\Under the terms ...
3	Chicago Mayor Unveils Surveillance Plan (AP) AP - More than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places would be tied in to a network that would use sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced Thursday by Mayor Richard Daley.
1	Brent Geiberger Emulates Father Al for PGA Tour First  GREENSBORO, North Carolina (Reuters) - Brent Geiberger  followed his father Al in winning the \$4.8 million Greensboro  Classic Sunday, the first time ever that father and son have  won the same PGA Tour event.
0	House Set to OK \$14.5B in Hurricane Aid WASHINGTON - The House pushed nearly \$14.5 billion for hurricane victims and struggling farmers toward passage Saturday as lawmakers sought to shower money on Florida and other pivotal states in the upcoming elections.    After weeks of delay over everything from budget cuts to milk subsidies, House-Senate bargainers added the natural disaster aid to a \$10 billion military construction measure...
2	Krispy Kreme Drops Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; fell more than 17 percent before the bell on Thursday  after the doughnut chain posted sharply lower quarterly  earnings and signaled that the second half of the year would be  weak.
2	Interest Rate Dilemma for Bank Committee Rate-setters at the Bank of England were given plenty to ponder today after figures on house prices and manufacturing output confounded expectations.
0	UN Council Heads to Kenya in Search of Sudan Peace UN Security Council ambassadors were still quibbling over how best to pressure Sudan and rebels to end two different wars in the country even as they left for Kenya on Tuesday for a meeting on the crisis.
3	Come 2005, Microsoft will bring Windows XP for beginners NEW DELHI: Microsoft said on Wednesday that starter edition of Windows XP (XP SE) operating system (OS) will be available in India from early 2005, a move that is expected to bring down prices of entry level PCs.
1	Cubs Broadcaster Steve Stone Steps Down (AP) AP - Longtime Chicago Cubs analyst Steve Stone announced Thursday he was leaving WGN-TV, less than one month after coming under fire for on-air comments he made criticizing the team.
2	Merck Shares Plunge on Vioxx Denial News WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged almost 9 percent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx cause heart problems.
1	Frequent flingers With last night's start, Tim Wakefield moved past Roger Clemens into second place on the club's all-time list for most pitching appearances. The top five on the list:
3	Hollywood fires first lawsuits at pirates Hollywood #39;s top studios tried to knock the wind out of the sails of Internet movie pirates yesterday, filing the first wave of lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing online copies of films.
3	AOL Launching New Shopping Site DULLES, Va. (AP) -- America Online announced the launch of an online shopping site it says will provide an easy and fast way to compare products from thousands of online merchants...
3	Nintendo, Sony Square Off in Handheld Game Market (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nintendo Co. Ltd. struck the\first blow in what is set to be an all-out war with Sony Corp.\for the lucrative handheld game console market, aggressively\pricing its new dual-screen model at  #36;149.99 and setting its\U.S. launch date for Nov. 21.
3	Intel Doubles Dividend, Expands Buyback Chip giant Intel Corp. reported Wednesday that its board doubled the company's quarterly dividend and authorized an expansion of its ongoing stock repurchase program.
1	Ray McNulty: Gators suffer crushing blow This is where the Florida Gators were supposed to prove that they #39;ve turned the corner and, for the first time in the post-Spurrier era, were ready to make their first real run at a Southeastern Conference title.
2	Town presses state for sewer funds Town officials are hoping the state can unearth \$1.4 million to help bring sewers to the Medway 495 Business Park. Otherwise, they say, some 250 area jobs may be lost -- not to mention thousands of dollars in annual tax revenue.
3	Google for the scholarly community The Internet search giant Google Inc. on late Wednesday unveiled Google Scholar, its next service aimed at listing scholarly literature such as theses, books and technical reports that appears to be most relevant to a search request.
0	Bush offers help in reopening U.S. border to Canadian cattle (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - President George W. Bush offered Saturday to throw his administration's full weight behind reopening the border to Canadian beef within several months.
3	Mount St. Helens Is State's Top Polluter (AP) AP - Washington state's top polluter isn't a pulp mill, a power plant or refinery. It's the newly awakened Mount St. Helens.
0	Egypt FM to visit Israel, push for full Gaza pullout (AFP) AFP - Visiting Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said he plans to travel next week to Israel and underscore the need for Israel's total pullout from Gaza.
0	Car Blast Kills 2 in West Bank - Emergency Service (Reuters) Reuters - A car exploded near the West Bank\city of Ramallah on Friday, killing two people, an Israeli\emergency service said.
0	Panama Declares State of Emergency in Response to Deadly Floods The Panamanian government declared a state of emergency Saturday in response to torrential rains which triggered flooding and mudslides, leaving at least 10 people dead and a dozen others missing.
2	Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Mixed Early Tokyo stocks were mixed early Friday as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
1	Athletics: 800m winner urges fellow Brit Radcliffe to try again ATHENS - Kelly Holmes was not meant to win an Olympic title in Athens and Paula Radcliffe was. Holmes, try as she might, could still not grasp the way things had turned out on Monday for the two British team mates.
2	STRIKERS  #39;FAILED TO HOLD UP FLIGHTS #39; A STRIKE by workers who refuel aircraft at Heathrow failed to disrupt flights, airport chiefs said last night. About 40 members of the Transport and General Workers Union walked out at 4.30am yesterday, after 
1	Voeller quits as boss of Roma Rudi Voeller has confirmed his decision to step down as coach of struggling Serie A giants Roma. Voeller, who took over from Cesare Prandelli in the summer, tendered his resignation immediately after yesterday #39;s 3-1 defeat at nine-man Bologna.
2	Both legislators, firms split on stem-cell incentives  Beacon Hill's new enthusiasm for embryonic stem-cell research would seem to be good news for the biotechnology industry.
2	FCC Rules Vonage is Not Subject to State Jurisdiction The FCC ruled that Vonage #39;s broadband telephony service is not subject to traditional state public utility regulation and asserted its federal authority over VoIP.
3	Travel Column: Offsetting Air Travel's Greenhouse Impact Global warming is threatening travel destinations worldwide. What's more, travelers themselves are contributing to it. Find out what you can do about it.
1	Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. On a chilly, gray afternoon in St. Louis, Busch Stadium erupted on the sweet Jim Edmonds home run swing the Cardinals #39; faithful have come to know so well.
1	Irish extend streak, hand Navy its first loss of year EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Notre Dame's size and speed took all the drama out of its 41st straight victory over Navy.
0	Insecurity Cuts Off 360,000 of Darfur's Needy-WFP (Reuters) Reuters - About 360,000 needy people in\Sudan's Darfur region are out of reach of the World Food\Program because of fighting, officials said on Tuesday.
3	iRiver N10 512MB Flash MP3 player &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Dedicated follower of fashion?
0	Australia boosts anti-terror defences with new maritime security zone (AFP) AFP - Australia is to boost its defence against terrorism by creating a 1000-nautical mile security zone around its coast to protect its shipping, ports and oil rigs from attack, it was reported here.
2	Detroit Seeks Its Own Prize on 'Oprah' The show's 276-car giveaway is part of an effort to reclaim credibility in the domestic  car market.
3	Orange Revolution After many years under the rule of the corrupted government there is a new  hope for Ukraine: the new presidential elections. Among 28 candidates the   2 primary are the opposition candidate Victor Yushchenko (reformer which   served as the Prime Minister in the past and was allegedly poisoned 1 month  before the first tour of the elections) and the government's candidate Victor  Yanukovich (twice convicted in the past of rape and organized robbery,   currently serving as the Prime Minister, having strong ties with mafia clans   and holding in iron fist authorities across Ukraine). 
3	Space Station Astronaut to Vote From Orbit CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Oct. 18, 2004 - The space station #39;s newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA #39;s help.
0	Rooney set for Man Utd Wayne Rooney arrives at Man Utd's training ground for a medical ahead of a 25m move from Everton.
0	Thousands Queue for Dwindling Flu Shots SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Seventy-year-old Homer Fink spent eight hours sitting next to a supermarket Halloween display for a flu shot that he wasn't able to get at five other places...
1	NFL suspends Seahawks #39; Robinson Robinson has been suspended without pay for the next four Seahawks games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy, according to a statement from the NFL released this afternoon.
3	To Be Picture-Perfect, a Choice of 3 Digital, high-definition television can be a complex enough business in its own right. But the shift from analog to digital now also means a shift from fat to flat. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
1	Expos Defeat Mets 4-2 (AP) AP - Terrmel Sledge hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the eighth inning and the Montreal Expos opened the team's final series before the franchise moves to Washington with a 4-2 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night.
2	China Raises Interest Rates for First Time in 9 Years (Update6) China #39;s central bank jolted global financial markets by raising its benchmark interest rates for the first time in nine years to cool the world #39;s fastest-growing major economy.
1	Sainz to sit out his farewell rally Motorsport.com. One the eve of the start of the World Rally Championship season finale and what would have been the final WRC competition for Carlos Sainz, the Spaniard and co-driver 
0	Russia makes overture on Kurils Russia has signalled readiness for compromise in a long-standing territorial dispute with Japan over four islands in the Kuril chain.
1	Billerica tossed aside in OT Billerica won two coin flips on Thanksgiving in Chelmsford. Neither, however, brought the team a postseason berth.
2	Oracle #39;s bid for PeopleSoft cleared European Union antitrust regulators have cleared Oracle Corp #39;s hostile \$US7.7 billion (\$A10.31 billion) bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc, removing one of the last major hurdles to the contested merger.
1	Things heat up for A #39;s, Rangers Texas reliever Frank Francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back-and-forth game with a playoff atmosphere.
1	Band of merry fools gets another chance to rewrite baseball &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The frat house full of fools will play for a pennant for the second year in a row. David Ortiz #39;s 10th-inning homer gave the Boston Red Sox an 8-6 victory over the Anaheim Angels on 
3	Ownership of Anti-Spam Measure Queried at Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Internet companies have begun to\change the way e-mail works in order to weed out spam, but\experts on Tuesday clashed over whether the underlying\technology should be controlled by any one company.
2	FDA Panel Urges More Studies of Stroke Med A US advisory panel on Friday recommended against approving AstraZeneca #39;s new stroke prevention medication, Exanta, citing concerns about the drug #39;s effect on the liver.
2	Shell, Sinopec launch US\$187m service venture Anglo-Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell and China Petroleum and Chemical Corp (Sinopec Group) have launched a US\$187-million service station joint venture, the companies said.
2	Krispy Kreme operating chief quits WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. -- Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.'s John Tate quit as chief operating officer amid a government probe of the chain's accounting and earnings forecasts.
3	Microsoft renews Yahoo! ad contract Microsoft Corp has renewed its deal with Overture Services Inc, owned by rival Yahoo! Inc for another year until June 2006, the companies have announced.
1	NBA Wrap: James Leads Cavs Past Bobcats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wearing a plastic mask to protect a  fractured cheekbone, LeBron James poured in a game-high 26  points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers past the Charlotte  Bobcats 94-83 on Monday.
3	Won't Someone PLEASE Think of the Bytes!? \\I was wondering today how many terabytes could have been saved over the years if\URLs would automatically base64 their integer values.\\232 is 2147483647\\Which is 10 bytes.  \\Of course if you base64 encode those values this leaves you with:\\f____w\\Which is only 6 bytes.  Thats a 40 savings!\\
3	UK Complains of Higher iTunes Cost LONDON (AP) -- A consumer's group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple's iTunes system.    British buyers are charged 79 pence, or \$1.41, for one track, while customers in France and Germany pay euro0.99, or \$1.21...
0	Karzai declares Afghanistan and Pakistan  quot;brothers in fighting &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Pakistan and Afghanistan have reaffirmed they are partners in fighting terrorism, Afghan President Hamid Karzai declared at the end of a two-day visit.
1	Defense removing push to seal Bryant case evidence Kobe Bryant #39;s attorneys abruptly dropped a bid to seal evidence in the NBA star #39;s rape case Monday, saying the details will be leaked anyway and releasing all the documents would reveal 
3	Nintendo Set to Launch New Game System (AP) AP - Nintendo Co. is set to launch Nintendo DS, the latest of its wallet-sized game systems designed to slip easily into your backpack and encourage procrastination wherever you may roam.
3	DNA Pioneer Maurice Wilkins Dies at 88 (AP) AP - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, one of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88.
2	Saudi Arabia, Gulf States to boost output Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, which account for almost half of OPEC #39;s oil output, said they #39;re committed to boosting capacity to meet soaring demand that has driven prices to a record.
1	With Red Sox Gone, Thrill Is, Too The luster and momentum of the Red Sox series faded away in a procession of confounding pitches by Toronto's Gustavo Chacin.
0	Taiwan's Leader Urges China to Begin Talks TAIPEI, Taiwan - Taiwan's leader used his National Day speech Sunday to urge China to begin peace talks so the two rivals can avoid war. Chinese and Taiwanese leaders haven't met since the Communists took over China in 1949 and Taiwan began resisting the mainland's rule...
1	As the seasons change, these tips will help you deal with wind After a season of near misses in golf #39;s major championships, Ernie Els fired back Sunday to tame the difficult Ireland conditions at the American Express World Golf Championship and quiet the critics.
3	Microsoft Moves On Spyware To Stymie Firefox (TechWeb) TechWeb - Microsoft bought anti-spyware technology to protect its Internet Explorer browser from surging rivals like Mozilla's Firefox
2	Coles Myer plans to enhance loyalty scheme Coles Myer chief John Fletcher says the retail giant has only just begun to  quot;scratch the surface quot; of the potential loyalty incentives it can offer its massive customer base, hinting that 
0	US changes course to back Annan THE US has switched direction on the future of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, announcing yesterday it supported his tenure and was not calling for his resignation.
0	A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004, 1,081 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 825 died as a result of hostile action and 256 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.
1	AL Wrap: Molina Leads Angels to Sweep of Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on  Sunday.
1	BASEBALL: RED-HOT SOX CLIP THE ANGELS #39; WINGS BOSTON RED SOX fans are enjoying their best week of the season. While their beloved team swept wild-card rivals Anaheim in a three-game series to establish a nine-game winning streak, the hated New York Yankees endured the heaviest loss in their history.
1	Panathinaikos 2 Arsenal 2 JENS LEHMANN was for the high jump last night after his double cock-up in the Olympic city. One howler might have been excused - but two was simply unforgivable.
2	Housing Starts Increased 0.6 Percent Housing construction in August surged to its highest level in five months, a dose of encouraging news for the economy's expansion.
0	WTO Rules Against EU Protection of Goods (AP) AP - The United States and Australia prevailed in an interim ruling by the World Trade Organization in a dispute over protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said Thursday.
1	Indo-Pak ODI much more than a cricket match: Inzamam KOLKATA, India, Nov 11 (AFP): Pakistan #39;s first one-day cricket match in India in five years is more about  #39;building relations quot; than winning or losing, visiting captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said Thursday.
0	Cuba frees sixth jailed dissident Cuba releases a journalist jailed in last year's dissident crackdown, the sixth prisoner to be freed this week.
0	Allawi threatens Fallujah with military assault TONY EASTLEY: Residents of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, are bracing themselves for a big military assault, after Iraq #39;s interim prime minister warned that time for negotiations was running out.
3	You Say You Wanna Revolution Do you hate the government?  Do you want to smash the corporate slave state?  Are you an     anarchist, punk, eco-freak with a bad haircut and attitude?      Is your idea of a fun hobby sitting in your basement practicing your bomb-making skills?      Do you listen to Rage Against the Machine all the time and have     your walls lined with posters of Che     Guevara?  Do you actually want to do something to bring about the Revolution instead of getting stoned and rambling about the     Zapatistas?  Well here's something easy and powerful you can do     to help bring the walls down:    Vote for Bush.
3	At a Click, a Clique of the Uncool Two friends created a constellation of 14 Web sites devoted to all fictional things squip: squip news, squip viruses, even squip detractors.
0	Britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to Iraq: report (AFP) AFP - Britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to Iraq to help stabilize the country before scheduled elections there in January, The Times newspaper reported.
0	Barghouti withdraws from race replace Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank - Marwan Barghouti, the imprisoned leader of the Palestinian uprising, is dropping out the Jan. 9 election to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority, his campaign manager said Sunday.
3	Adobe Readies Acrobat 7.0 New products will include a free Acrobat reader with reviewing capabilities.
2	U.S. Stocks Open Slightly Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks opened a little higher on  Thursday as investors were reassured by inflation data  suggesting the Fed need not hurry to push interest rates  higher.
2	Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Nikkei Rises, Led by KDDI; Taiwan Gains Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose, led by KDDI Corp. and Marui Co., on expectations the government will boost its growth estimate for the world #39;s second- largest economy on Friday.
2	Shell pushes back AGM Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has decided to delay shareholder meetings that will vote on a new unified board structure to allow more time to prepare the necessary documentation.
0	Aftershocks Strike Fear After Japan Quake Kills 14 (Reuters) Reuters - Aftershocks kept striking northern\Japan on Sunday, hours after a powerful earthquake killed at\least 16 people, collapsing houses and triggering a landslide\which devastated a village.
0	Microsoft to Pay \$536 Million to Novell to Settle Antitrust Dispute Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
0	For Arafat, Oslo Remained Symbol of Hope (AP) AP - Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace.
1	Lara floored as Windies make final SOUTHAMPTON, England -- West Indies captain Brian Lara had to quit after being struck on the neck by a bouncer as his side beat Pakistan by seven wickets to reach the Champions Trophy final.
2	CBI slashes UK growth forecasts The CBI cuts growth forecasts after order books for UK manufacturers drop to their lowest level since the start of 2004.
1	Wood, Baker tossed in win over Houston HOUSTON - After being plunked between the shoulders, Michael Barrett offered a few words of advice for Roy Oswalt when the Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros meet again next week.
3	AOL to give antivirus software away in Version 9 Citing the urgent need to protect its users from online threats, America Online Inc. (AOL) will begin bundling antivirus software from McAfee Inc. with the latest version of its software, AOL 9.0, according to a statement from the company.
3	GlobalFlyer Aims To Go Voyager One Better LucidBeast writes  quot;We all remember Voyager, the first plane to fly around the world in 1986 on one tank of gas. Now Voyager pilot Steve Fossett plans to do it solo with a jet powered GlobalFlyer.
2	Improved Numbers Shelter CBS From the Fallout The CBS news division still anticipates serious fallout. Still, it is hard to wipe the grins off the faces of CBS's top executives.
3	Seiko Epson unveils latest mini robot helicopter Japanese company Seiko Epson says it has developed a mini helicopter that is the lightest of its kind and can be used for lifesaving and surveillance. 
3	Rumor Control: Bono buys Edios and Metal Gear Solid: The Movie The official story:  quot;No, this isnt true. Just a wild rumor. quot;--Eidos staffer. Bono was unavailable for comment. What we heard: Though at first it was laughed off as one of the loopiest rumors to hit the 
2	Eli Lilly Acquires Rights to Sleep Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. said on Wednesday it  has acquired exclusive worldwide rights to an insomnia drug  being developed by Germany's Merck KGaA.
3	IBC in Amsterdam After a day of conferences and seminars, this year #146;s IBC trade show for media, video and broadcasting professionals kicked off in Amsterdam. Within minutes the Apple booth was buzzing as Motion made its first public appearance at a major European event. See a photo gallery from the first day of the show. Sep 10
1	Is Vieri #39;s Inter career over? The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.
1	Barcelona beat Real Madrid Barcelona moved seven points clear at the top of the Spanish League on Saturday following a three-nil victory at home to second-placed Real Madrid.
0	US launches Fallujah offensive US forces haved launched air and ground attacks against insurgents in Fallujah, about 40 miles west of Baghdad. The military says  quot;precision strikes quot; are being used.
1	Buckeyes Edge Wolf Pack Kicker Mike Nugent ties a school record with five field goals and No. 9 Ohio State forces five turnovers in a 22-14 victory over N.C. State on Saturday.
0	Death toll from Japan earthquakes reaches 24 A strong aftershock measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale jolted north Japan #39;s Niigata Prefecture Monday morning, leading the death toll from the three major quakes that hit the 
2	Target to pay \$1m in item price suit Target Corp. has agreed to pay \$1 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging it failed to stamp prices on merchandise, the fourth in a string of agreements over the past two years costing major retailers more than \$8 million in fees and millions more in compliance measures.
2	Jobless Claims Up, Hurricane a Factor (Reuters) Reuters - New claims for U.S. jobless benefits\rose in the latest week, but the gain was largely blamed on\Hurricane Charley, the government said on Thursday.
3	Barrett: Intel Makes U-Turn, Cancels Four-Gigahertz Chip In a bumpy year of missteps and about-faces, Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) announced another U-turn: On Thursday the chipmaker said it halted plans to release a 4-gigahertz microprocessor.
1	Reaction speaks volumes No, the pinstriped visitors didn't find pipes and slippers at their lockers when they arrived at Fenway Park yesterday afternoon. But the Bronx Daddies, as they were newly anointed by Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez Friday night, expressed surprise, amusement, and a certain amount of skepticism in the aftermath of Martinez's white-flag summation of his relationship to his biggest tormentors.
2	Circuit City to host Verizon Wireless stores Circuit City Stores Inc. and Verizon Wireless signed an agreement to install Verizon Wireless stores in more than 570 Circuit City Superstores around the country, they said Monday.
3	Domestic Robot Boom Raises Quest The United Nations recently predicted that the use of robots around the home by consumers is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more and more people get robot-mania, CBSNews.
2	US must make R amp;D priority, business leaders warn The US must make innovation the top national priority or risk ceding its role as the worlds foremost economic power, an organisation of top business and academic leaders warned on Wednesday.
0	Brazil's Economy Expands 6.1 Percent in 3Q Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
2	Severstal, Steelworkers, others fight Deutsche Bank #39;s Stelco bid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A Russian steel company has gone to court to block Deutsche Bank #39;s refinancing proposal for Stelco Inc., one of a flurry of legal objections filed Friday against a sales process critics say is biased in favour of the German bank.
3	US maize 'threat' to Mexico farms The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is severely affecting rural Mexico, it is claimed.
0	Car Bomb Explodes in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Nov 2 - A car bomb exploded Tuesday in the busy commercial district of Azamiyah in northern Baghdad, causing casualties, the Interior Ministry said.
0	Bush encourages more debt reduction for Iraq US President George W. Bush on Sunday hailed an agreement by the Paris Club of creditor nations to cancel 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join in as well.
0	French lawyer asks Red Cross to look into reports of Saddam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS A French lawyer is asking the Red Cross to check into reports that Saddam Hussein has begun a hunger strike. The attorney says he represents Saddam and that there are indications from Iraq that the former 
1	Joe Davidson: Access to Info in Kobe Bryant Trial Description: Jury selection got underway Friday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial in Eagle, Colo. News organizations have argued that limits on media access inside the courtroom does not let them fully cover the story.
1	FA to investigate Chelsea-West Ham violence after League Cup match The Football Association will investigate the crowd violence that marred Chelsea #39;s 1-0 win over West Ham in the League Cup. Mateja Kezman, who scored the only goal Wednesday night at Stamford 
1	It isn't a bad alternative Subtract the well-documented history, the combativeness, the dislike among the fans, the T-shirt controversy, and the proximity of the cities, and there's virtually no difference between the Houston-St. Louis NLCS and the Boston-New York ALCS.
2	Oil Holds at \$47 as Iraq Resumes Exports Oil prices held just below the \$47 mark on Monday as Iraq resumed exports from both its northern and southern outlets after lengthy disruption, despite fierce fighting in the holy city of Najaf.
0	Syria, Hamas: Israel tried to assassinate a movement #39;s cadre in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In separate statements both Syria and the Islamic resistance movement Hamas accused Israel of being responsible for the booby trapped car explosion which took place Monday evening in Mezze in Damascus.
3	AMD demos first dual-core processor Advanced Micro Devices demonstrated its first dual-core microprocessors today using an HP ProLiant DL585 server running four dual-core Opteron chips.
0	Baseball: Boston win World Series Boston clinch the World Series title after beating St Louis 3-0 in the fourth game to win 4-0.
0	Sudan agrees to more peacekeepers Peacekeepers from the African Union will be increased to help protect civilians in the afflicted Sudanese region of Darfur, the country #39;s foreign minister said Thursday.
0	Senate Rejects Some 9/11 Panel Advice (AP) AP - Senators rejected the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation for congressional oversight and adopted their own plan as they prepared for final negotiations with the House on reorganizing the spy agencies Congress supervises.
2	Cheese For The Mouse House #39;s Investors? It was probably a slip of the tongue. Speaking to an investor conference on Sept. 30, Walt Disney (DIS) President Robert Iger noted that it was the end of Disney #39;s fiscal year -- adding:  quot;And what a year it has been.
2	GOP Convention May Briefly Lift Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fasten your seatbelts. The Republicans  are in town. If things go smoothly at the Republican National  Convention, the stock market could get a brief boost this week,  experts say.
2	DuPont will settle C-8 lawsuit The DuPont Co. has agreed to pay up to \$340 million to settle a lawsuit that it contaminated water supplies in West Virginia and Ohio with a chemical used to make Teflon, one of its best-known brands.
0	Japan looks for int #39;l help to free Japanese hostage TOKYO - Japan sought international help Wednesday to secure the release of a Japanese man taken hostage in Iraq and pledged to do its utmost to gain his freedom after refusing to bow to the kidnappers #39; threat to behead him unless Japan withdraws its 
0	African Union to hoist 'Help Wanted' sign at poverty summit (AFP) AFP - How to create sustainable employment for impoverished, mostly illiterate African populations residing primarily in rural areas is the challenge the African Union aims to tackle at a summit opening Wednesday in Burkina Faso.
2	Stelmar Founder Haji-Ioannou Rejects \$667 Mln Sale to Fortress Stelios Haji-Ioannou, chairman of EasyJet Plc, said he rejected a \$677 million agreement to sell Stelmar Shipping Ltd. because the offer doesn #39;t reflect recent gains in the value of the oil tanker business he founded in 1992.
1	Boy wonders arrival leaves Fergie with tricky balancing act Within 24 hours of capturing Wayne Rooney, Manchester United swelled with the kind of pride and proclamations of impending success not seen since that night at the Camp Nou.
2	Vauxhall reveals big losses and cuts 340 UK staff VAUXHALL lost more than 115 million last year, twice as much as it lost the previous year. The company blamed the competitive car market.
3	Towerstream beams into Los Angeles Broadband-for-business provider goes Hollywood, with the City by the Bay next in line.
0	Hostage drama: Demand met Baghdad - Iraqi authorities together with United States forces have decided to free one of only two high-profile women prisoners currently in American custody, a ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday.
0	Libya seems honest about nuke programme-UN report The UN nuclear watchdog said in a confidential report circulated on Monday that Libya appears to have been telling the truth in its declarations on the covert atomic weapons programme which it agreed in December to abandon.
0	Annan Says Security Council Must Act Now On Darfur UNITED NATIONS (AFP) - Secretary General Kofi Annan called on the UN Security Council to take urgent action over a US draft resolution on Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region.
1	Quick Hits column RAVENS 27 BROWNS 13 Burned for a touchdown on the game #39;s first play, it was hard to imagine the Baltimore Ravens would win on the strength of their special teams.
1	Some of baseball #39;s biggest names available Christmas time in southern California is strange. Charlie Brown #39;s tree here is a palm. And as the Baseball Winter Meetings opened 
3	AMD and IBM develops new technology for processors AMD and IBM in collaboration have developed a new technology that can lead to massive increase in processor power. They call it strained silicon transistor and tests have shown it resulted in a 24 increase in performance.
1	Vincent, Reed out for Sunday #39;s game Orchard Park, NY (Sports Network) - Veteran cornerback Troy Vincent and wide receiver Josh Reed will not play Sunday when the Buffalo Bills host the St.
1	Wolves center arrested in Indy INDIANAPOLIS Add center Michael Olowokandi to the list of Timberwolves with off-the-court problems. Olowokandi was suspended indefinitely from the team after he was arrested for refusing to leave Indianapolis nightclub Tiki Bob #39;s early Thursday morning.
0	Unrest in Saudi Arabia spotlights terrorism battle RIYADH: The  quot;terrorist quot; murder of a French citizen in Jeddah and another shoot-out on Monday between suspected Islamist militants and security forces in the Saudi capital have 
2	Bayer Unit Plea-Bargains in Price Fixing The Bayer Corporation, a subsidiary of the Bayer Group of Germany, has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$33 million criminal fine for taking part in a conspiracy 
2	Citigroup CEO rules out takeovers  #39;We #39;re not a deal-focused company, #39; Prince tells newspaper; adds bank must focus on ethics. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The chief executive of Citigroup Inc.
3	Oracle Isn't Trying to Bury Rival, Executive Testifies The co-president of Oracle testified that her company was serious about its takeover offer for PeopleSoft and was not trying to scare off its customers.
3	Pilots prepare for mid-air catch of Genesis capsule LA CANADA FLINTRIDGE -- When a capsule from NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft appears in the sky above the Utah desert on the morning of Sept. 8, it will have withstood more than three years in space and will contain samples of the ...
3	Security shifts roundup TruSecure, Betrusted to merge, focus on big customers. Also: A bump up in the bureaucracy?
2	A booster shot for Brand India Recognising the key role of the services sector in the economy, the foreign trade policy has unveiled the Served from India scheme to accelerate growth in service exports.
3	Critics lukewarm on Spacey play Theatre critics appeared less than impressed by Hollywood star Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of London #39;s Old Vic Theatre.
1	Olympic bid suffers as Madrid #39;s image is tarnished THE Madrid Olympic bid has suffered a setback because of the racist chanting on Wednesday in the Bernabu stadium, one of the most famous arenas in the world and a proposed venue for the 2012 Games.
3	Passenger service to space in two years? The world #39;s first passenger service to space will start carrying fee-paying astronauts from 2007, say two entrepreneurs, although some are not so convinced with their ambitious time-frame.
0	Bulger mother 'sees son's killer' The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has reportedly tracked down one of her son's killers and plans to find the second.
2	US Sept. PPI up 0.1, core rate up 0.3 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Prices of US wholesale goods and services rose 0.1 percent in September, the Labor Department said Friday. The core producer price index, which excludes volatile food and energy goods, rose 0.3 percent.
3	NetSuite 10.0 Debuts NetSuite has released the 10.0 versions of its NetSuite, NetSuite Small Business, and NetCRM products, all of which are generally targeted at the small and medium-sized business (SMB) segment.
0	Upper Midwest Tempts Bush, Worries Kerry LA CROSSE, Wis. - In 2000, political pundits summed up the race in three words: Florida, Florida, Florida...
3	Hello, halitosis ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Siemens Mobile is developing the first mobile phone that will alert people when their breath stinks, the company said Tuesday.
2	Yukos cuts its production forecast MOSCOW -- Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos said yesterday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against the company's crushing back taxes bill from its frozen bank accounts.
3	TB test to slash infection rates A rapid and accurate test for TB could cut infection rates around the world, say experts.
0	Arafat Doctor: Let Us Know Why He Died AMMAN, 13 November 2004 - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in Paris.
1	Knicks turn up defence to down Nets EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Stephon Marbury scored 14 points and Tim Thomas added 12 as the New York Knicks overcame a strong start by the New Jersey Nets to grind out an 86-79 preseason victory.
1	Cal takes no prisoners, wins 49-7 Saturdays 49-7 loss to No. 10 California evoked memories of an era that Beavers fans would like to forget - a 28-year span of futility from 1971-98 when OSU failed to have a winning season.
2	Problems found in auditing industry  WASHINGTON -- The first inspections of the Big Four accounting firms by the board overseeing the industry turned up significant problems in their audits of companies' books and quality control, but the findings don't constitute a  quot;broad negative assessment, quot; an official said yesterday. .
3	New JFK video game called  #39;despicable #39; A new video game that allows players to recreate the 1963 assassination of US president John F. Kennedy is being called  quot;despicable quot; by family members.
3	ISS Crew to be Replaced on October 11 The International Space Station (ISS) crew will stay in orbit for two days longer than planned, Itar-Tass told today. The launching of the Soyuz TMA-5 spaceship has been postponed from October 9 to October 11 due to problems with the docking system.
2	US October Producer Prices Rise the Most Since 1990 (Update6) Prices paid to US producers rose 1.7 percent last month, the biggest jump in 14 years, as higher energy and food costs suggested that inflation is picking up.
3	IBM claims to treble chip speed with  #39;strained #39; breakthrough IBM says that it has developed a technique of using  #39;strained germanium #39; which, it claims, will triple the performance of commercial chips.
3	Titan Surface Still a Mystery NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft successfully photographed one of the most mysterious objects in our solar system on Tuesday in a flyby that brought it within 745 miles of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan.
2	Natural gas giant Gazprom to participate in Russian auction of key &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday - a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail 
3	Indian ship freed after internet cable fiasco Colombo, Aug. 26 (PTI): Sri Lanka has released a seized Indian cargo ship after it found no evidence linking the vessel to the damage caused to the island #39;s main submarine cable, the Navy said today.
0	Putin moves to strengthen Kremlin's grip on power following terrorist attacks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Responding to a string of deadly terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin on Monday moved to significantly strengthen the Kremlin's grip on power with new measures that include the naming of regional governors and an overhaul of the electoral system.
3	Climate change taskforce warns of dangerous warming MARK COLVIN: The scientific consensus seems to be growing that global warming is not just coming, it #39;s upon us. An international climate change taskforce is meeting in Sydney this week to discuss ways of avoiding 
1	Sylvania 300: Gordon leads Chase pack As the 10-race Chase for the Nextel Cup begins with today #39;s Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway, Jeff Gordon and Jimmie Johnson have got to like their chances.
0	US soldier Jenkins found guilty of desertion A US soldier who vanished into communist North Korea 40 years has been found guilty of desertion after tearfully confessing he had been scared, drunk and had wanted to leave the army.
2	Crude Futures Trade Above \$49 After Norwegian Supply Snag Crude oil futures rose to within a quarter of \$50 a barrel Monday after a gas leak shut down a North Sea oil production platform and as traders weighed concerns about heating oil supplies against the fact that temperatures have been mild in recent weeks.
1	B.C. Tops West Virginia Paul Peterson throws two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returns two punts for scores to defeat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
3	Micron overtakes Hynix in chip sales Micron Technology Inc. of the United States probably overtook Koreas Hynix Semiconductor Inc. as the worlds second-largest computer memory chipmaker during the third quarter, market researcher IDC said.
0	British FM pledges support for Palestinian vote (AFP) AFP - Britain's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw pledged full support for the Palestinian election to find a successor to Yasser Arafat after paying homage to the veteran leader at his graveside.
3	Indian, British scientists working on drug to fight malaria At least 27 people are reported to have died of malaria in Alindra, India and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after the heavy rains and floods.
0	Palestinian presidential candidate says Israeli soldiers beat him RAMALLAH - Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti said on Wednesday that Israeli soldiers had beat him at an army checkpoint south of Jenin in the West Bank.
2	Fannie Mae Chief Is Expected to Defend Accounting Breaking his public silence since a federal regulator issued a scathing report last month, Franklin D. Raines, the chairman and chief executive of Fannie Mae, is expected 
1	Old glory ATHENS -- There was an elegant symmetry to it -- from Athens to Athens, from glory back to glory. The US women's soccer team won its first Olympic gold medal eight years ago in Athens, Ga., beginning its four-year reign on top of the world. Last night, after a mighty struggle, the Americans returned there, holding off relentless Brazil, 2-1, ...
2	Gas Prices Dip to Average \$1.96 a Gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The price of a gallon of gasoline in  the United States fell over the last two weeks during a  seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry  analyst.
0	Former Congolese rebels block troops deployment in eastern DRC Former Congolese rebels blocked Kinshasa #39;s troops reinforcement to the border with Rwanda, according to reports on Monday. According to senior military commanders in eastern 
1	Chelios wants Gretzky as commissioner A day after blasting NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to the Detroit Free Press, Red Wings #39; defenceman Chris Chelios has come up with who he thinks is an ideal replacement.
2	Argentina Rebuffs IMF Managing Director (Reuters) Reuters - In a tense meeting\marred by violent street protests, Argentine President Nestor\Kirchner on Tuesday told the head of the IMF to "not even\dream" of Argentina setting aside more money to pay its\defaulted debt.
0	The  #39;gentle #39; doctor of Gah Honest, sincere and a man of integrity - the most common definition for the man whom many call an  #39;accidental politician #39;.
2	New overtime rules take effect Monday NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The US Department of Labor #39;s revamped overtime rules take effect Monday. Free! Sign up here to receive our SiteWatcher e-Newsletter!
2	Sprint Up, Nextel Down on Merger Talks  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Shares of Sprint Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;  jumped on Friday as the telephone company continued merger  negotiations with Nextel Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NXTL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NXTL.O&lt;/A&gt; for a  deal that would combine the No. 3 and No. 5 U.S. wireless  service carriers.
1	Philadelphia 76ers centre Todd MacCulloch of Winnipeg retires PHILADELPHIA (CP) - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. The Winnipeg native just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.
3	Study: Dead Cicadas Help the Soil (AP) AP - Even in death, the 17-year cicadas made their mark. Their decaying carcasses gave a super-size boost in nutrients to forest soil and stimulated seed and nitrogen production in a plant important to the forest ecosystem, researchers reported in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
2	FDA advisory group cites liver injury in clinical trials WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - An advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration late Friday declined to endorse AstraZeneca #39;s anti-stroke drug, Exanta.
2	Coles Myer Second-Half Profit Rises 26 on Groceries (Update3) Coles Myer Ltd. Australia #39;s biggest retailer, increased second-half profit by 26 percent after opening fuel and convenience stores, selling more-profitable groceries and cutting costs.
2	Fed #39;s McTeer sole candidate to head Texas A amp;M Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert McTeer was named on Wednesday as the sole candidate to become Chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System and his office said he would release a statement later.
2	Supermarket chain Loblaw #39;s profit up 18 at \$258M with merchandise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cost-cutting and a further shift toward higher-margin general merchandise in new stores helped Loblaw Cos. Ltd. grow its quarterly profit by 18 per cent, executives at Canada #39;s biggest supermarket chain said Friday.
3	More Job Cuts Set by AT amp;T; Total to Hit 20 of Staff The AT amp;T Corporation, the nation #39;s largest long-distance provider, said yesterday that it would eliminate more than 20 percent of its work force this year and write off \$11.
0	Emergency supplies arrive in Fallujah Emergency supplies from the Red Crescent in Iraq have arrived in the Fallujah. It #39;s the first batch of humanitarian aid transported to Fallujah since the US forces launched 
0	CBS Names Panel to Probe Bush Guard Story NEW YORK - CBS News appointed former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and former Associated Press chief executive Louis Boccardi to investigate what went wrong with its story on President Bush's service in the National Guard...
0	Hurricane Ivan Threatens Barbados, Eastern Caribbean  MIAMI (Reuters) - The eastern Caribbean island of Barbados  was under a storm alert as powerful Hurricane Ivan raced across  the Atlantic Ocean toward the Caribbean on Sunday.
1	U.S. Tops Russia 2-0 at Hockey Exhibition (AP) AP - Forget all that talk about Team USA having goalie problems. Robert Esche and Rick DiPietro combined on a shutout, and John-Michael Liles arrived just in time to score a goal to lead the defending champion Americans to a 2-0 victory over Russia on Friday night in their final World Cup exhibition game.
0	Turkey on brink of joining EU EU LEADERS were poised last night to open accession talks with Turkey, giving a massive boost to Ankaras four decade long bid to join the European Union.
2	CORRECTED: Siebel Sees Sales Topping Street  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said third-quarter revenue  would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in  licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
1	Russia power to maiden title Moscow: Moscow-born Tatiana Golovin kept alive Frances hopes of retaining the Fed Cup title by crushing US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4, 6-1 in the second reverse singles on Sunday.
3	Philadelphia Expands Free Wireless Web Access Zone (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia expanded free outdoor\wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a\multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early\2006.
0	Ken is alive, says brother The chorus of pleas for hostage Ken Bigley #39;s freedom have yet again been met with deafening silence as the Briton #39;s kidnap ordeal in Iraq enters its 11th day.
2	Rate Hike Seen as Federal Reserve Meets The Federal Open Market Committee, the rate-setting panel for the US Federal Reserve, began its deliberations Wednesday with a rate hike widely expected.
1	Tigers exercise \$4 million option on closer Urbina Venezuelan right-hander Ugueth Urbina #39;s \$4 million option was exercised by the Detroit Tigers on Friday. Urbina, who signed as a free agent on March 29, was 4-6 with a 4.50 ERA and 21 saves in his first season with Detroit.
2	Merck could suffer from Vioxx lawsuits NEW YORK -- Already wounded by the withdrawal of its Vioxx pain reliever from the market, Merck  amp; Co. must now contend with hundreds of lawsuits over the drug's side effects -- lawsuits that threaten to further damage the company's finances and reputation.
0	Human rights outcry JAKARTA - The Indonesian Supreme Court has overturned the conviction of the only official found guilty over the 1999 bloodshed in East Timor.
1	No. 4 Miami Routs Houston  HOUSTON (Sports Network) - Tyrone Moss ran for 148 yards  and two touchdowns to lead fourth-ranked Miami-Florida to a  38-13 victory over Houston at Reliant Stadium.
0	Britain agrees to Iraq troop-shift as US soldier jailed for prison &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : Hundreds of British troops prepared to move closer to Baghdad to help crush rebel strongholds, as a US soldier was jailed for eight years for his part in Iraq #39;s prisoner abuse scandal.
2	UK growth prediction upgraded by think-tank A LEADING international think-tank yesterday upgraded its forecast of UK growth this year from 3.1 to 3.4, while cutting its prediction for the US but raising its expectations for the euro area and Japan.
0	US forces find two more bodies near Mosul; militant group claims &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD, Iraq US soldiers have found two more bodies in the Iraqi city of Mosul. The military says at least one of the bodies is that of an Iraqi Army soldier.
3	Sito accreditato da: AMD : sicurezza e prestazioni ottimali con il nuovo processore mobile per notebook leggeri e sottili; Acer Inc. preme sull #39;acceleratore con il nuovo notebook a marchio Ferrari.
3	Zafi worm causes email mayhem Mass-mailing Zafi-D worm, which disguises itself as a Christmas greeting, is infecting more than one in every ten emails. The worm, which spreads in a file attached to email messages containing the text Happy 
0	Religious leaders ahead in Iraq poll WASHINGTON -- Leaders of Iraq's religious parties have emerged as the country's most popular politicians and would win the largest share of votes if an election were held today, while the US-backed government of interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is losing serious ground, according to a US-financed poll by the International Republican Institute.
0	Mugabe flies to Equatorial Guinea Zimbabwe's president is in Equatorial Guinea to discuss a suspected coup attempt against its government.
2	NASD may act against KeyCorp unit KeyCorp said on Friday the NASD has preliminarily decided to recommend disciplinary action against McDonald Investments, accusing the bank #39;s brokerage unit of allowing improper mutual fund trading.
3	Aquarium School Gives Students 2nd Chance (AP) AP - Instead of a traditional classroom setting, high school students participating in an alternative program at Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration are getting a hands-on learning experience alongside beluga whales, seals and other marine life.
0	Beyond Fallujah The battle of Fallujah, the most significant of the Iraq war since the fall of Baghdad, is a huge military success for US forces. But it #39;s not clear now, nor will it be for some time - perhaps not until elections 
2	Late credit-card bills hit 4-year low in June NEW YORK -- Americans paid their credit card bills on time at a record high level in June, sending credit card delinquencies to their lowest level in four years, Moody's Investors Service said yesterday.
0	Graduate Student Presumed Dead In Haiti A graduate student at the University of Notre Dame was missing and presumed dead after he was shot by an armed gang in Haiti, a school official said.
1	Bombers can #39;t leave Wells enough alone ANAHEIM - Funny how one Red Sox championship seems to have changed everything in baseball #39;s world order. Suddenly the Yankees seem to be chasing their hated rivals in the offseason now too, after all those 
2	Agreement lets MGM survive merger with Sony Under a definitive agreement reached Thursday by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. and a consortium led by Sony Corporation of America, MGM will continue to operate as a private movie-making company 
3	SMIC establishes first 12-inch chip production line in mainland Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp, or SMIC, has established a 12-inch chip production line in Beijing, the first of its kind on the Chinese mainland.
2	Update 1: Honeywell Income Grows Again on Orders Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. on Wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third-quarter profits behind double-digit growth in sales for three of the conglomerate #39;s four business divisions.
1	Bonds slugs No. 698 His clubhouse cluttered with the rookies, his team no longer a factor in the standings, Rockies manager Clint Hurdle found himself in a familiar position Tuesday afternoon - talking about the opposition.
0	IRS: Rose Owes Nearly \$1M in Unpaid Taxes MIAMI - Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes. The IRS filed a federal tax lien in Broward County on Tuesday alleging that baseball's all-time hits king owes \$973,693.28 in back taxes from 1997 to 2002...
2	Citibank to enter Texas markets The nation #39;s largest bank will be setting up shop in Texas by acquiring Bryan-based First American Bank. The parent operation of Citibank said Tuesday that it will acquire First American, which has \$3.
2	Pioneering McCaw at epicenter of cell deals The announced union of Sprint and Nextel Communications yesterday marked the second mega-deal in the wireless industry this year - and the second involving a life change for a Craig McCaw-built venture.
2	Kodak Profits on Discontinued Operations  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  top maker of photographic film, on Wednesday said its third  quarter profit rose, boosted by discontinued operations. Sales  were boosted by the weaker dollar and its key growth area of  digital photography.
3	Internet file-sharers under fire The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) will announce it is taking legal action against illegal internet file-sharers for the first time today.
3	Borland moving forward with SDO 15 Sep 2004, 16:01 GMT - Borland Software took a new direction this week, with the announcement of Software Delivery Optimization (SDO).
0	Call for bandit death inquiry A leading human rights group in India questions why police had to kill the country's most notorious bandit, Veerappan.
0	Queen opens climate summit The Queen is to open a conference on climate change today during her state visit to Germany. The gathering, held at the British embassy in Berlin, will make recommendations on climate change to Prime Minister Tony Blair.
3	Space Station Oxygen Maker Broken The oxygen generator for the International Space Station craps out, leaving the two astronauts on board weighing alternative sources for breathable air.
2	Petro-Canada offer raises \$2.5bn Canada #39;s government has set the price for the sale of its remaining 19 percent in oil company Petro-Canada, raising C\$3.18 billion (\$2.
0	 #39;Black Widows #39; behind Beslan tragedy An unknown Chechen rebel group called the Black Widows organised the siege of a school in the Russian city of Beslan in which hundreds of children, their parents and teachers were killed.
0	Car Bomb Kills 7 U.S. Marines Near Iraqi Town of Falluja The deadliest attack on Americans in Iraq since May came as Iraqi officials announced that Saddam Hussein's deputy had not been captured on Sunday.
2	Cash America #39;s Pawnshop Swap Cash America International (NYSE: PWN) is in the secured non-recourse lending business. That is, it operates pawnshops. In fact, the company operates quite a few: more than 700.
0	Crippled Canadian sub under tow, bound for Scotland (AFP) AFP - The British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, crippled since a fire at sea that killed one of its crew, was under tow, headed for Scotland where it was likely to arrive early next week.
2	UPDATE 2-Coolbrands shares melt as guidance disappoints Coolbrands International Inc. (COBa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its results for fiscal 2004 would be higher than the previous year, but the guidance missed expectations 
3	You're Athletes, Not Journalists Olympians can do media interviews but they'd better not blog. The International Olympic Committee, interested in protecting lucrative broadcasting contracts, forbids any activity that might upset the networks.
3	Game warnings  #39;should be clearer #39; Warnings on computer games are not big enough, and more needs to be done to help parents understand age limts, a government minister has said.
0	Sharon Pledges to Escalate Broad Israeli Gaza Offensive Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive -- in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed -- will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.
2	Tweeter Posts Lower 4Q Sales Consumer electronics retailer Tweeter Home Entertainment Group Inc. said Wednesday that same-store sales declined 3.5 percent in the fourth quarter after the effects of recent hurricanes.
0	Blast at Police Post in Nassiriya, Three Dead  NASSIRIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - A blast ripped through a police  station in the town of Nassiriya in southern Iraq on Friday,  killing three police and wounding others, police said.
3	Kodak, IBM to Make Sensors for Cameras (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. Thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
2	UPDATE 1-Office Depot warns on profit; hurricanes hurt Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday warned of weaker-than-expected profits for the rest of the year because of disruptions from the string of hurricanes 
3	Opinion: Regarding Stallman #39;s Vision I #39;ve always been mixed about the Open Source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other (many) things that I don #39;t agree with.
3	Status Report: Wormwood to Screwtape It is with the greatest pleasure that I write to you today. Our successes of late have been many and profound, and your advice has helped further our cause immensely. As Our Father Below requested, I have compiled a list of our recent successes and victories. It is difficult to express in words how excited I am at our prospects. 
0	HK Plays Down Talk of Smear Campaign Ahead of Vote  HONG KONG (Reuters) - A survey two days before Hong Kong  legislative elections showed pro-democracy forces, tainted by a  sex scandal, may fare less well than expected, but the election  chief dismissed talk of dirty tricks by China.
1	US choose Devers to replace Edwards Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace banned world champion Torri Edwards in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races. 
2	Durable-goods orders up; new-home sales down WASHINGTON - Factory orders for costly manufactured goods in July recorded the biggest gain in four months. Meanwhile, new-home sales slid, according to a pair of reports that offered a mixed picture of economic activity.
3	Red Hat Buys Netscape Technology Linux distributor Red Hat announced that it has reached an agreement with America Online to purchase several products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory 
3	Soccer star subject of virus writers British experts warn some people involved in spreading computer viruses are exploiting the worldwide interest in British soccer super star David Beckham.
0	Letting Israel Self-Destruct Take a run down the four-mile stretch of road that leads from Jerusalem to Maleh Adumim, which, with its 31,000 residents, is the West Bank #39;s largest settlement.
3	Judge to Weigh Removing Media Player from Windows  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A European Union judge will weigh on  Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music  and video player from its Windows operating software, in a  second day of hearings at the EU's second-highest court.
1	Pierce outshines Sharapova Nine Saturdays ago, the answer was Maria Sharapova, the 6-foot Siberian who made the opposition at Wimbledon seem like seven female dwarfs.
0	Equatorial Guinea  quot;mercenary quot; not mastermind-lawyer A suspected South African mercenary on trial in Equatorial Guinea agreed to take part in a plot to oust the country #39;s president but was not responsible for masterminding it, his lawyer said on Tuesday.
0	KGB legacy of poison politics Doctors confirm that dioxin poisoned Ukraine's opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko.
0	Cross-Atlantic rift reemerges over Iran A rift has surfaced between the United States and the European Union over how to deal with Iran over its suspected nuclear weapons programme.
2	UPDATE 1-US backs strong dollar, expects Chinese FX reform America has not changed its strong dollar policy and still expects China to make its own currency more flexible, a Treasury official said on Monday, shrugging off comments from Beijing that had jolted markets.
2	Budd Canada shares up on takeover bid KITCHENER - A takeover offer for ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada sent shares of the automotive supplier up 72 per cent on the TSX on Monday.
1	The Smaller the Better Division I transfer quarterbacks Justin Rascati and Craig Ochs will lead James Madison and Montana, respectively, in the I-AA final Friday.
2	Renault plans 2005 hiring spree French car maker Renault says it plans to recruit 10,000 new employees next year in order to boost its international expansion.
1	Barcelona wins again Barcelona is now nine points clear at the top of the Primera Liga table thanks to a 2-1 win at Getafe. An easy win looked on the cards for Barca when Rafael Marquez and Deco put it 2-0 up after just 22 minutes 
1	Olympic Basketball: United States Stunned Again  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
3	XPRESS 200, nForce 4, PCI-Express shaping up to replace AGP Granted, from a performance point of view PCI-Express is barely a match for AGP8X, but both ATI and NVIDIA have been aggressively moving forward with introducing graphic cards using the interface.
1	NHL set to miss opening night The Tampa Bay Lightning were supposed to raise their Stanley Cup championship banner this week to kick off the new season. Instead, the arena that rocked during the finals in June will be dark because of a labor dispute that shows no sign of ending soon.
0	Football: England v Poland Sven-Goran Eriksson may gamble by playing goalkeeper Paul Robinson and striker Jermain Defoe in Poland.
3	IBM, Cisco Beef Up Enterprise Security Following CA #39;s announcement yesterday, IBM gave word that they are bundling Cisco Network Admission Control (NAC) technology into certain Tivoli systems and network management apps.
1	Soccer: Del Neri appointed Roma coach ROME : Luigi Del Neri has been appointed coach of AS Roma, the troubled Serie A club confirmed. Del Neri arrived here Wednesday morning and went immediately to the home of Roma president Franco Sensi to iron out last minute details of the contract.
3	The Future of Alternative Energy Residential energy use in the United States is predicted to increase 25 percent by 2025. A small but increasing share of that power will trickle in from renewable energy sources, experts say.
3	ICANN STILL CAN, SAYS COURT A US District Court Judge has dismissed the anti-trust and conspiracy claims made by the .com and .net registry, VeriSign, against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names  amp; Numbers (ICANN).
0	Balancing the risks in holy Najaf Ayad Allawi #39;s ultimatum yesterday to the rebel Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr - who is holed up with his fighters in the holy city of Najaf - was notable for one thing: the lack of a deadline. 
1	Uniform Snafu Delays US Bronze Medal Basketball Game The men #39;s Olympic bronze medal basketball game on Saturday between the United States and Lithuania was delayed after both teams showed up at the Olympic Indoor Hall wearing their home white uniforms, officials said.
0	Star Wars inspires art shortlist An artist who used a life-sized Jabba the Hutt in a piece is shortlisted for the Beck's Futures prize.
0	Vote keeps Lebanon on road to Damascus INNER Beirut was swamped by soldiers and riot police at the weekend as the Lebanese parliament convened to extend the term of President Emile Lahoud, reappointing the Syrian-backed former soldier for three more years.
1	Real lose ground on Barca Real Madrid paid the price for resting key players as a goalless draw at Villarreal saw them fall nine points behind league leaders Barcelona on Sunday.
2	Judge to rule on MyTravel By Alistair Osborne, Associate City Editor (Filed: 23/11/2004). A high court judge will rule tomorrow whether MyTravel, the troubled package holiday group, can force through an 800m debt-for-equity swap without the consent of its bondholders.
1	Turf trip tempting for Board Ouija Board, the winner of both the English and Irish Oaks this season, was yesterday confirmed as a definite runner at the Breeders #39; Cup meeting at Lone Star Park in Dallas on Saturday week.
1	Struggling Rams on Deck Patrick Ramsey will start tonight when the Redskins face the Rams, a team looking to rebound from a 24-7 loss Monday at Kansas City.
1	CLARKE URGES BLUES TO TAKE CHANCE Chelsea #39;s assistant manager Steve Clarke insisted it was vital the side kept up the pressure on wobbling Arsenal by going top of the Premiership.
3	Oracle May Drop PeopleSoft Bid (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday.
0	Latvia remains hive of corruption The latest report on world corruption by Transparency International shows that Latvia is the second most corrupt country in the EU, while Estonia was the least corrupt among the 10 new members in the 25-member union.
3	Forecast: Plenty of Activity On the Weather Blog Front If it's possible to love something just because it could visit torrents upon the Washington region, fling hail from the skies and swell streams into rivers, then Jason Samenow is smitten.
1	Vendt's quest quashed ATHENS -- Erik Vendt's Olympics ended in the morning yesterday, when he ran out of gas in the preliminaries and failed to qualify for tonight's final of the 1,500-meter freestyle, where he's the world bronze medalist.
3	Melodeo signs mobile music agreements with Telefnica, Warner US-based mobile music solutions provider Melodeo, Inc. and the Warner Music Group (WMG) today announced the signing of a global agreement that allows consumers to securely download entire tracks from WMG #39;s 
1	Els Wins Record Sixth Match Play Title Ernie Els won the tournament for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday -- \$1.8 million.
1	Bungling Bengals Play Running Broncos CINCINNATI Oct 25, 2004 - Terrell Davis. Olandis Gary. Mike Anderson. Clinton Portis. Reuben Droughns. Seems like just about anybody can run for 100 yards in the Denver Broncos #39; system.
0	Ukraine Speaker: Keep Poisoning Out of Campaign (Reuters) Reuters - Ukraine's influential parliament speaker\called on Monday for a scandal over the poisoning of opposition\leader Viktor Yushchenko to be kept out of the country's\presidential election campaign.
1	Soccer: Women #39;s event draws protests DHAKA, Bangladesh The organizers of Bangladesh #39;s first women #39;s tournament on Wednesday said play would continue, despite protests by a Muslim group that termed the event  quot;indecent and against Islamic norms.
0	Samarra May Be Key to Handling Iraq Cities (AP) AP - For two months, this historic city of commerce and culture was a "no-go" zone for American troops, firmly in the grip of religious extremists, some linked to al-Qaida. During that time, residents say they endured a reign of terror, where gunmen snatched men from their homes and killed at least 10 of them as American spies.
1	Duff on the mark as Chelsea advance Chelsea continued their irresistible pre-Christmas march towards the business end of all four competitions with a 2-1 victory over Fulham in the Carling Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday night, Irish international Damien Duff scoring for the third time in 
0	Bomb rocks Baghdad A suicide car bomber has killed at least eight people in an attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad, after a night of US air strikes around the rebel-held city of Falluja that killed scores.
3	New Meta survey: Bush good for outsourcing Almost half of the IT execs responding to a new Meta survey expect offshoring to increase if George Bush wins reelection as president. Offshoring Blog
1	Jones back on offense MIAMI - Just when it appeared Eddie Jones was becoming a has-been offensively, the 33-year-old reached back in time Saturday against Washington and had one of the best rapid-fire showings of his five-year Heat career.
3	Screenshot 3 of 4: Google Desktop Search tool Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
1	Trainer Links Bonds to Drugs SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 16 -- Barry Bonds #39;s weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape that the San Francisco Giants star took an undetectable performance-enhancing drug during the 2003 season, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday.
1	United v Arsenal: Head to head WEDNESDAY #39;S Carling Cup clash between Manchester United and Arsenal pits together two of the fiercest rivals in the English game.
2	Motorola Third-Quarter Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. , the world's No.\2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\rose sharply, helped by improving sales of a host of new\handset models.
1	Improper words? Yet another obscenity controversy. After winning for the fifth time at Talladega, Ala., Sunday, NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said in an interview that his victory  quot;don #39;t mean s- right now.
0	Bombs explode at Bueno Aires banks BUENOS AIRES - Two homemade bombs have exploded at two banks in Buenos Aires, killing a security guard. The explosions occurred near ATM machines in branches belonging to Citibank and Banco Galicia, shattering windows and the building facades.
2	Govt hikes FDI cap in civil aviation to 49 pc Government today hiked Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) cap for domestic airlines from 40 to 49 per cent through the automatic route but barred foreign airlines from picking up direct or indirect equity.
1	Crawford nails late three-pointer in overtime as Knicks top Hawks &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When he took a pass from Stephon Marbury with about five seconds left in overtime, Jamal Crawford didn #39;t hesitate. No matter that he was at least five feet behind the three-point arc.
3	IE exploit is top of the hacks Attacks via an Internet Explorer flaw are more common than any other hacking technique, a security firm has found.
0	With Cold Winter Ahead, Higher Fuel Costs (AP) AP - Residential heating costs are projected to soar this winter to more than  #36;1,000 on average because of higher fuel costs and expected colder weather, the government said Wednesday.
1	AS Monaco 1 - 0 Liverpool LIVERPOOL #39;S chances of reaching the next stage of the Champions League took a dent here last night when a goal from Javier Saviola just after the interval was enough to give Monaco all three points.
1	Houston Has No Problem Landing Wild Card Tie  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The red-hot Houston Astros slugged six  home runs on Saturday to beat the Colorado Rockies 9-3 and  clinch at least a tie for the National League wild card playoff  berth.
3	IBM delivers Power-based servers with Linux IBM is unveiling an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems today that will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it.
1	Donald is fired-up to carry form to Detroit Luke Donald hailed yesterday #39;s European Masters victory in Switzerland as even more satisfying than his Scandinavian Masters success a month ago.
3	Apple's IPod in Short Supply at Holidays (AP) AP - Retailers expected Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod music player to be a hot item this holiday season but are still struggling to keep up with demand.
1	Athletics Win to Hang on to AL West Lead (AP) AP - Mark Redman pitched eight innings of six-hit ball, and the Oakland Athletics used a three-run fifth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-1 on Monday night.
1	Golf: Vijay Singh wins Chrysler Classic Vijay Singh became the first golfer to earn \$10 million in a single season, after completing victory at the PGA Chrysler Classic at Palm Harbor in Florida on Sunday.
2	SEC begins formal investigation of Newton biotech company The Securities and Exchange Commission has upgraded its investigation of Pro-Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Newton from an informal inquiry to a formal probe, according to the firm's most recent quarterly report to investors. The federal securities watchdog is looking at whether false or misleading statements were made about Pro-Pharmaceuticals, possibly by the company itself.
0	Sri Lankan Tamil rebels to resume talks conditionally A senior leader of Sri Lanka #39;s rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) said it is ready to resume peace talks with the government if its self-rule proposal gets a positive response, a local newspaper reported Sunday.
0	Parties Spar in Congress on Medicare Increase (Reuters) Reuters - Senate Republicans and Democrats on\Tuesday battled over blame for a record increase in Medicare\health premiums, which Democratic presidential candidate John\Kerry has criticized in his campaign to unseat President Bush.
3	Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
2	Hollinger Inc. Director Rohmer May Leave Board, Post Reports Richard Rohmer, a friend of Conrad Black and director of Black #39;s holding company, Hollinger Inc., may resign from the board as early as next week because he #39;s tired of dealing with complex 
0	Pope makes final journey of year The Pope will visit Italy's Adriatic coast for a beatification ceremony in his last journey of the year outside Rome.
0	Malaysian woman claims new record after 36 days with scorpions KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia A Malaysian woman has claimed a new world record after living with over six-thousand scorpions for 36 days straight.
2	ISM US Non-Manufacturing Index Rises Growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October a bit more than economists had expected, including a slight gain in employment, according to an industry survey published on Wednesday.
0	5 Killed as 2 Bombs Explode Inside Baghdad Green Zone Three American civilians were killed in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in the capital.
1	Golovin ready for Russia All eyes will be on Tatiana Golovin of France when she faces Anastasia Myskina in the Fed Cup final on Saturday. The Moscow-born 16-year-old has returned to Russia for the first time this week, and will play 
0	Kyushu braces for powerful typhoon A large and powerful typhoon that brought heavy rains and strong winds to Okinawa #39;s main island and Amami Islands Sunday is likely to hit Kyushu Tuesday, the Meteorological Agency said.
2	AUSTRALIA PRESS: Murdoch Drums Up Support For US Move SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--News Corp. (NWS) Chairman Rupert Murdoch said there was  quot;no choice quot; but to change the media giant #39;s domicile to the US as he attempts to win over crucial support from Australian investors for the move, the Australian Financial Review ...
2	Report: Boeing Probe Widens Government scrutiny of Boeing (BA:NYSE - news - research) appears to be widening, with federal prosecutors reportedly now looking at a \$100 billion Army program Boeing oversees.
2	Sprint to cut 700 jobs NEW YORK, Oct 15 (Reuters) Sprint Corp. , said on Friday it plans to reduce by up to 700 jobs in its business solutions unit as it realigns its business to focus on wireless and Internet-based telecommunications offerings.
3	Intel gives up its need for speed to focus on power At last it looks as if the computer industry #39;s obsession with speed, as measured by megahertz alone, is coming to an end. First AMD stopped using the precise megahertz rating of its CPU chips as a selling point.
0	Karzai #39;s dangerous road from exile to Afghan presidency KABUL: Hamid Karzai has steered Afghanistan from the ruins of war to its first elected presidency, using skills honed from plotting to end Soviet occupation and negotiating the minefield of volatile Afghan politics.
2	Citigroup, 3 Others Face SEC Bonds Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond  operations, a securities filing shows.
3	Compuware readies tools for Microsoft apps development Compuware plans to enhance its suite of products for the Microsoft development platform, with tools to improve application performance, code quality, and security.
1	Clark is all business on, off course In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet another of those unheralded golfers -- South African Tim Clark.
1	Patriots, Eagles Do the Expected _ Win (AP) AP - There might still be a spotless season on the NFL horizon this year.
2	GM, Ford sales decline DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. reported disappointing US sales yesterday, prompting the nation's two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
3	Microsoft vows fight on patent rejection In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
0	N. Korea talks end; no progress reported BEIJING (Kyodo) Japan pressed North Korea on Sunday to provide fuller accounts of 10 Japanese who Tokyo says were abducted by Pyongyang agents, but the North did not provide new information as they wrapped up two days of talks, Japan #39;s chief delegate said 
0	Bush Urges World to Unite With Iraq UNITED NATIONS Sept. 21, 2004 - President Bush, defending his decision to invade Iraq, urged a vast assembly of world leaders Tuesday to stand united with the country #39;s struggling government and said the 
1	Hewitt ends drought LLEYTON HEWITT further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the Washington Open today.
1	Sheffield tops list of AL MVP favourites CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has taken his share of criticism over the years, from the New York media, fans and even players.
1	Fastest man rises from obscurity Justin Gatlin shoveled the snow off his track in North Carolina, braving the cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing Olympic gold.
0	Bush Opens Lead Despite Unease Voiced in Survey Senator John Kerry faces substantial obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.
0	Protesters Urge Delay for Ohio Electors (AP) AP - Congressional Democrats and dissident groups asked the Ohio Supreme Court on Monday to review the outcome of the state's presidential race, hours before the Ohio delegation to the Electoral College was to cast ballots for president and vice president.
2	Hollinger Panel Says Black Looted Company Conrad Black, the former CEO of Hollinger International Inc., looted the newspaper publisher of hundreds of millions of dollars to indulge his appetite for 
1	Kolzig Head West Capitals goalie Olaf Kolzig will stay close to his home during the lockout, taking a position as goaltenders coach with his former junior team, the Tri-City Americans.
2	Kroger profit falls, warns on sales Kroger (KR), the largest US grocer, Tuesday reported a 25 drop in quarterly profit. Even though sales rebounded in Southern California, where Kroger was hit by a strike, Chief Executive 
3	Hollywood steps up battles to squash web piracy Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday stepped up their fight against internet piracy by pursuing lawsuits against people in the US and Europe who operate servers that relay 
2	Molson and Coors Agree to Special Dividend The move is seen as an effort to appease Molson's investors, who have criticized the planned merger with Coors because it did not include a takeover premium for their shares.
3	MS, Cisco to Collaborate on Security Solution Microsoft and Cisco Systems have announced that the two companies have entered into a pact to share security and network health technologies, to better stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious codes on Windows-based networks.
0	Oil Halts Slide on Iraqi Pipeline Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices stopped a five-day slide on\Friday on renewed supply concerns after fresh Iraqi pipeline\attacks outweighed an end to a three-week uprising in the city\of Najaf.
0	Bomb Explodes at Al Arabiya TV Office in Baghdad A bomb exploded outside the office of Dubai-based Al Arabiya television in western Baghdad Saturday, wounding half a dozen employees.
1	Anglo-American hope for Leeds Leeds United, forced to sell their best players to stay afloat financially in last season #39;s doomed relegation fight, could have new owners in the next 24 hours.
3	Tools wrap: Web services, e-commerce, XML touted Systinet, Amazon, and Altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of Web services, e-commerce, and XML applications, respectively.
3	2 Ecologists Near End of West Coast Hike Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth #39;s own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known 
1	No NHL? No NHL!!! For the second time in 10 years, the National Hockey League has closed its doors. In 1994, we were a nation unprepared -- how do you fill the void of turning the TV on once or twice a winter for five minutes or so to watch a game? -- but, this time around, I'm taking a different tack:
2	Italy slips down competitive list while Nordic countries remain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Italy has sunk down the list of the world #39;s most competitive countries because of bureaucracy, infrastructures and high taxes, a report by the World Economic Forum has revealed.
0	Sharon's withdrawal plan Overall Israel will withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the northern West Bank in 2005, without coordination with the Palestinians. Israel contends the current Palestinian leadership is not a partner for peace talks. Twenty-one settlements in Gaza and four in the West Bank will be removed by September 2005, followed by a pullout of Israeli troops.
0	Greek Bus With 27 People on Board Hijacked (AP) AP - A Greek public bus with about 27 people aboard was hijacked Wednesday and shots were fired at police who surrounded it on the outskirts of Athens, police and bus company officials said.
3	End of the line for HP #39;s Alpha Hewlett-Packard will release its final Alpha processor on Monday, the beginning of the end for a chip dynasty that never was. 
2	U.S. SEC Proposes Stricter Rules for IPOs The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission on Wednesday proposed stricter rules to halt\underwriting practices that artificially boost demand for\shares in initial public offerings.
0	Presidents Call on U.S. to Help Tsunami Survivors (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. presidents past and present\appealed to Americans on Monday to help victims of the Asian\tsunami as one of the biggest aid efforts in history struggled\to bring food and water to millions of desperate survivors.
0	Gunfire disrupts Arafat mourning ceremony Gunmen stormed into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City Sunday night shortly after the arrival of the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization 
0	Bush, Kerry Vow to Destroy Bin Laden After Tape (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and his Democratic\White House rival John Kerry united on Friday in a promise to\hunt down Osama bin Laden after the al Qaeda leader released a\new videotape threatening fresh attacks on the United States.
2	Analysts see OK grade for back-to-school sales Amid reports yesterday of sluggish back-to-school sales from the nation's largest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , analysts maintained forecasts for a decent retail season.
3	And yet it melts Some people still think the world is flat. Others firmly believe that the sun rotates around the earth. In spite of all the evidence to the contrary, they cling to their opinions based on the naive realism 
0	Castro receives get-well wishes from presidents HAVANA: President Fidel Castro, recovering from a fall that broke his kneecap and an arm, has received get-well wishes from the leaders around the globe, state media reported Saturday.
2	Swiss Life sells its closed UK business for 205m Resolution Life, the closed life assurance consolidator led by Clive Cowdery, completed its second acquisition yesterday with the 205m purchase of Swiss Life #39;s closed UK business.
0	Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israel pulled most of its  forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day  incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks  on southern Israeli towns.
3	Trial to Unmask Kazaa Owners In a copyright-infringement trial under way this week in an Australian federal court, music industry representatives say they plan to make public the secretive ownership structure of the Kazaa file-trading network. By Patrick Gray.
2	UPDATE 3-US airlines agree to cut flights at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods to stem record delays that have slowed aviation nationwide, federal officials said on Wednesday.
2	A Hollywood Play For Dreamers Only In Shark Tale, DreamWorks Animation #39;s latest hit, a little hustler of a fish named Oscar (voiced by Will Smith) just can #39;t stand the truth.
3	Health Highlights: Sept. 28, 2004 About half the Viagra sold on the Internet could be fake, according to University of London researchers. The scientists used near infrared (NIR) microscopy to check the ingredients of various samples of Viagra that were purchased online.
3	New Worm Variant Spreads, Clogging E-Mail (AP) AP - At least one new variant of a worm spread rapidly from Asia and Europe to U.S. computers Friday morning, filling up people's e-mail accounts, but otherwise causing little apparent damage.
3	BT And Blueprint Jointly Develop Innovative Music Distribution &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In yet another move in the legitimate digital music market, BT and Blueprint have jointly developed a new service based on Blueprints Open Royalty Gateway (ORG) and Song Centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their 
3	Kodak, Sun Settle Java Patent Dispute Kodak and Sun Microsystems have reached a settlement in their patent dispute over Java technology, with Sun agreeing to fork over \$92 million to settle the suit.
2	Stocks Seen Little Changed; Oil at Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open nearly  unchanged on Monday amid expected light trading volume on the  Columbus Day holiday, but record high oil prices could put  pressure on markets.
0	Swiss group 'helped 22 Brits die' A Swiss group may have helped more British people bypass the UK ban on euthanasia than previously thought.
2	Dollar Falls Broadly vs. Major Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell broadly against major  currencies on Friday in a technically-driven session, as  traders ignored a generally positive batch of U.S. economic  data and sold the greenback.
1	If the Red Sox win, Reverse the Curse ice cream loses Reverse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brigham #39;s, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, which was introduced in the spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.
1	Yankees Extend A.L. East Lead Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Pedro Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing on Sunday.
1	Golf: Grace Park cheers home fans with LPGA victory JEJU, South Korea : Grace Park of South Korea won an LPGA Tour tournament, firing a seven-under-par 65 in the final round of the 1.35-million dollar CJ Nine Bridges Classic.
3	Windows world gets OS X wake up call Apple should be pushing its Mac OS X software aggressively into corporations running Windows, says a Microsoft solution provider in Massachusetts, but others claim that Apple might be missing 
0	UN appeals for release of Afghan hostages weeks after they were snatched from their car on a busy street in central Kabul. Nayan are with a Taliban splinter faction that has threatened to kill them unless Taliban prisoners are freed.
2	Qantas seeks more flights to India NEW DELHI/SYDNEY: Australia #39;s flag carrier Qantas Airways Ltd has initiated talks with the Indian government to expand its presence in India.
1	Astros #39; Clemens Said Close to Retirement Houston Astros pitcher Roger Clemens, left, shows his glove to a Japanese schoolboy during his visit to Nishigahara Elementary School in Tokyo, Friday, Nov. 5, 2004.
2	Nikkei Poised to Fall for 8th Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.46 percent  by late Tuesday, setting the stage for an eighth straight day  of losses after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel, fanning  concerns about Japan Inc's prospects.
2	Oil Hits New Record as Demand Soars  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high  above \$47.50 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in China and India underlined how rising appetite for  oil is straining the world's supply system.
0	BA cancels four more flights British Airways has cancelled four domestic flights but says other services have returned to normal at Heathrow Airport after severe disruptions earlier this week.
0	Oil prices plunge on supply rise Oil prices fall 7.4 on US data showing a larger-than expected increase in crude supplies - sparking Wall Street to a nine month high.
1	Bengals #39; Palmers leaves practice Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer missed the second half of Thursday #39;s practice while receiving treatment for back spasms.
0	U.S., Shiites Meet After Deadly Clashes BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. military officials and representatives of rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr held talks Sunday aimed at reducing violence in the restive Baghdad slum of Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people, officials said...
2	China #39;s high-tech hero Liu Chuanzhi,chairman of Lenovo, theChinese computer company, clearly recalls his early tentative dealings with International Business Machines, the mighty US technology group, in 1985.
3	India, France to Develop Climate Satellite (AP) AP - The space agencies of India and France signed an agreement on Friday to cooperate in launching a satellite in four years that will help make climate predictions more accurate.
3	The boob tube on your smartphone Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch Survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
3	Apple: 150M songs sold via iTunes Apple celebrated yesterday when it announced that they have sold now more than 150 million songs via their iTunes Music Store. Despite some reports that overall traffic to online music stores has dropped, Apple #39;s 
3	Winners of X Prize get their reward And the winners in this generation #39;s latest space race accepted a \$10 million prize while promising a ticket to the heavens. All the key players involved with the Ansari X Prize landed at the St.
3	Intel shows chip roadmap Intel has disclosed new technologies that will feature in its chips in the next few years. The firm demonstrated a dual-core version of its Itanium 64bit processor, and announced plans for a new management 
3	IBM Claims Computer Speed Title IBM Corp. plans to announce Wednesday that it has built the world's fastest supercomputer at one of its facilities in Rochester, Minn., wresting the title from a system in Japan.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	Kerry and Bush Trade Charges on End of Weapons Ban, and Crime Senator John Kerry accused the president today of caving in to the gun lobby, a charge rejected by the White House.
2	What's in the Box, Jack? An earnings restatement driven by accounting changes doesn't change the big picture.
0	Insurgents Kill 20 Iraqis as Violence Surges for Third Day Armed insurgents opened fire on a bus full of civilians and drove a car bomb into a national guard checkpoint in northern Iraq this morning, killing 20 Iraqis in the latest 
1	Hollins Coaches Fourth Game for Grizzlies (AP) AP - Lionel Hollins coached the Memphis Grizzlies again Wednesday night, uncertain if it would be his final game at the helm.
3	Google star of Firefox #39;s new browser Google and Mozilla may or may not be working on a Web browser together, but the two are cozier than ever with Firefox #39;s latest release.
3	RIAA Expands P-to-P Lawsuits Latest round of legal action targets users of a variety of services, including eDonkey.
1	Hartson double puts Celtic top Celtic have moved top of the Scottish Premier League, for 24 hours at least, after John Hartson #39;s double gave them a 2-1 victory over Hibernian.
2	Qwest settling SEC charges Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. reportedly has agreed to settle fraud charges for \$250 million. The Associated Press and Reuters reported Friday afternoon that Qwest (NYSE: Q) has agreed 
2	Murdoch Wins Vote to Shift News Corp.  ADELAIDE (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch won shareholder  approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his  \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. media empire to the United States  and sever its Australian roots.
1	Bonds Tries to Clear His Name Barry Bonds -- the biggest name in baseball -- has now been smeared by the steroid scandal known as Balco, and the San Francisco Giants superstar tried to clear his image through his attorney Friday.
0	Bush: War in Iraq Was Right Despite No WMDs President Bush said on Thursday he\was "right to take action" in Iraq even though a new U.S.\report found that Baghdad had no stockpiles of weapons of mass\destruction and that its nuclear program had decayed.
2	G7 Wants More Oil Output The world #39;s top finance officials on Friday asked oil-producing nations to step up production and agreed it was crucial to work out exactly why prices 
2	IMF Cuts World '05 Growth Forecast-Source  LONDON (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund has cut  its forecast for global growth next year slightly amid  expectations that the U.S. and Chinese economies will not  expand as strongly as previously thought.
0	Army deserter released from jail Accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins, left, accompanied by his daughters, Mika, center, and Belinda, leaves Tokyo Women #39;s Medical University Hospital in Tokyo Saturday, Sept.
2	Microsoft earns \$2.9 billion in Q1 (MENAFN) The world #39;s biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said that its first quarter profits grew to \$2.9 billion as consumers and businesses boosted demand for new computers, AFP reported.
3	MessageLabs, Symantec team on antispam service Symantec technology will help MessageLabs offer better e-mail filtering, the companies say.
1	Olowokandi arrested, tasered outside Indy club NBA player Michael Olowokandi was arrested early Thursday at an Indianapolis nightclub after a dispute with police, during which the Minnesota Timberwolves center was hit twice with an electronic stun gun, police said.
1	Celtic stretches Scottish lead to seven pts. Celtic stretched its lead to seven points in Scotland #39;s Premier League, beating Kilmarnock 2-1 Saturday on goals by Aidan McGeady and a penalty from Alan Thompson.
2	Toronto-Dominion to buy stake in Banknorth Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto said Thursday it agreed to acquire a 51 percent stake in New England regional bank Banknorth Group Inc.
1	Yanks Lead Boston 2-0 After Four Innings New York Yankees #39; Alex Rodriguez hits a two-run homer against Boston Red Sox pitcher Derek Lowe during the third inning of game 4 of the ALCS Sunday, Oct. 17, 2004 in Boston.
2	P amp;O Cuts Ferry Routes, Scraps 1,200 Jobs Shipping giant P amp;O said Tuesday it was scrapping four of its 13 routes across the English Channel, with the loss of about 1,200 jobs.
3	Dying star creates fantasy-like sculpture of gas and dust In this detailed view from NASA #39;s Hubble Space Telescope, the so-called Cat #39;s Eye Nebula looks like the penetrating eye of the disembodied sorcerer Sauron from the film adaptation of  quot;The Lord of the Rings.
2	Hynix involved in accounting fraud in 1999; has already corrected &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL (AFX) - The Financial Supervisory Service has announced that Hynix Semiconductor Inc engaged in fraudulent accounting practices involving 1.98 trln won in 1999, but has already corrected this error.
1	Winning comeback for  #39;superb #39; Ferdinand RIO Ferdinand said it was a welcome relief just to be playing football again after making his return from an eight-month suspension last night in Manchester Uniteds 2-1 Premiership win against Liverpool at Old Trafford.
2	Southwest plans Chicago expansion Southwest Airlines plans to step up operations at Chicago Midway Airport due to the bankruptcy of low-cost rival ATA Airlines and may also bid on some of the troubled carrier #39;s assets, said the Southwest Chief Executive Gary 
0	Gadhafi praises Chirac #39;s visit Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi Thursday praised French President Jacques Chirac #39;s visit to Libya, which he said boosted relations between their countries.
1	Thompson out for a month Celtic have confirmed they expect midfielder Alan Thompson to be out for between four and six weeks. The player was carried off during Wednesday night #39;s defeat by AC Milan in the San Siro with a hamstring injury.
0	Palestinians Pledge Vote to Replace Arafat Yasser Arafat #39;s successors promised a swift election to replace him on Saturday as Palestinians flocked to his tomb to pay last respects to the former guerrilla who symbolized their hopes of a state.
0	US-led forces push to retake rebel zone US and Iraqi forces have pushed on with their second major offensive in a week, hunting insurgents in a triangle southwest of Baghdad that has become one of Iraq #39;s most notorious hot spots.
2	DC #39;s No. 6 On Dangerous Cities List WASHINGTON -- Washington DC, has made the top ten list of most dangerous metropolitan areas in the United States. Camden, NJ, was named to the top spot, overtaking Detroit.
2	China exports record no of mobile phones from Jan to Sep 2004 Beijing, Nov 14. (PTI):Chinese mobile phones are becoming more popular the world over as mobiles made in the Communist nation registered a record growth in exports.
2	Consumption Flat, Durable Spending Sinks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending was  unexpectedly flat in August, government data showed on  Thursday, as shoppers exercised restraint after splashing out  even more than previously thought during the previous month.
2	Kmart-Sears merger about price, quality Average customers know the same thing that ministers of high finance understand: It #39;s all about the price. Shoppers Thursday at the Billings Sears store were eager to find out what a proposed 
1	Cal's Tedford Seeks Accountability in Poll (AP) AP - Jeff Tedford plans to keep California in contention for a Rose Bowl berth during each season of his new five-year contract.
3	VeriSign Accelerates DNS Verisign (Quote, Chart) has launched its new name server initiative, a move designed to improve the speed with which .com and .net DNS zone files are updated.
0	Fla. Urges New Evacuations As Ivan Nears MIAMI - Tourists and residents were told Thursday they will have to leave the Florida Keys to avoid mighty Hurricane Ivan, even as the state still struggled with the misery left by Hurricanes Frances and Charley.    Forecasters said Ivan - which strengthened early Thursday to 160 mph - could reach the island chain as soon as Sunday, making it the third hurricane to hit Florida in a month...
2	Oil Extends Its Retreat from Record Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil extended its retreat from record  highs on Thursday, taking two-day losses to 6 percent after an  unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
3	FCC Adopts Rules for Broadband over Power Lines Many telecommunications officials and some FCC officials cite BPL as a reason for deregulation. They say that three wired choices, plus wireless offerings, would guarantee that no company could gain monopoly power.
0	Mexican Rebels Withdraw From Reserve (AP) AP - Leftist Zapatista rebels announced Wednesday they will voluntarily withdraw seven squatter settlements from an endangered jungle nature reserve, a move that may mark the end a decade-long standoff with authorities.
2	Oil at \$50 Again, Nigeria Worries Persist  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil climbed back over \$50 a  barrel on Thursday, with worries over the security of Nigerian  supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in U.S. crude  inventories.
2	Stocks Slightly Lower on Light Volume  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly lower on  Monday as investors wary of security concerns were reluctant to  put new money into the market as the Republican Convention  opens in New York City and many took vacation ahead of the  Labor Day holiday.
1	Bump Doesn #39;t Stop Prince Arch in Saranac Favored Prince Arch overcame a bump with Good Reward in upper stretch to rally for a resolute victory by a head over Mustanfar in the closing-day \$108,200 Saranac Handicap (gr.
3	Weak Version of Most Powerful Explosions Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful events in the universe, temporary outshining several galaxies and likely signaling the birth of a black hole.
3	Linux poised for move from data centre to desktop - report Clearly viable on server, client to follow within two years
0	Bush backers like converted Democrat's zeal (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush found strong support among voters in key states for Democratic Senator Zell Miller, who has broken with his party and raised eyebrows with attacks on Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry.
3	Gamers snap up new Sony PSP Japanese gamers buy almost all of the first batch of Sony's new PlayStation Portable handheld console.
0	Ukraine vote a threat to West Ukraine #39;s extremely important national elections tomorrow are causing deep concern among Canada #39;s ethnic Ukrainian communities and, far too late, in Europe and the United States.
2	Lockheed Martin Profit Jumps 41 in Quarter Lockheed Martin Corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
0	CARE Halts Iraq Operations After Director Kidnapped (Update4) CARE International suspended aid operations in Iraq after its country director Margaret Hassan, who has dual Iraqi and British nationality, was kidnapped, said Grant Thomas, a spokesman for the organization.
3	Livewire: Back to School Means Back to Advergames  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Back to school for many kids means  "back to Internet access" in classes where the best of  filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against  seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing.
0	U.N. Official Urges Political Independence (AP) AP - The United Nations should find ways to demonstrate political independence, regain the neutrality it lost after the Sept. 11 attacks and better communicate with the world's 1 billion Muslims, a top U.N. official said Monday.
0	Russia hails settlement of territorial problem with China Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday the understanding on border issues with China  quot;helped to remove serious irritants in bilateral relations, quot;Russian media reported.
3	JBoss aims high with Enterprise Middleware System DECEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Open-source vendor JBoss Inc. on Monday plans to formally announce a stack of middleware software designed to make it more competitive with the sophisticated products sold by companies like IBM, BEA Systems Inc.
0	Britain Cannot Detain Terror Suspects Indefinitely: Court Nine Law Lords ruled in favour of a group of men jailed without charge for up to three years. The British government had argued that the detention without trial of some terrorist suspects is a tough but necessary 
1	Bengals' Johnson Mum Before Broncos Game (AP) AP - No teasing with antacids, no take-it-to-the-bank boasts. Leading up to the Bengals' first Monday night game in a dozen years, Chad Johnson  #151; the gifted receiver with an affinity for the spotlight  #151; decided to keep it strictly low-watt.
0	Arab allies discuss Lebanon vote Egypt's president makes a hurriedly arranged visit to Syria a day after a divisive debate in the Arab League.
3	Telecom Shows Sparkles of Life After four years of painful decline, the area's telecommunications business is starting to come back.  Most new entries are getting by without the dollars that used to flow from venture capital funds or from going public.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
0	U.S. Accepts Musharraf Decision (AP) AP - The State Department said Thursday it expects continued progress in Pakistan toward democratic rule, showing no concern about moves to allow President Pervez Musharraf to remain on as army chief.
0	Despair and Anger in Small Russian Town After Siege (Reuters) Reuters - The killing of more than 320\children, parents and teachers during the bloody end to a\53-hour school siege left barely a family untouched in the\small Russian town of Beslan.
0	Damascus rebuffs UN on Lebanon ties Syria said yesterday it would deepen ties with Lebanon, despite a UN Security Council resolution warning against outside interference there. The resolution aimed -- in vain -- to head off a vote in Lebanon's parliament to extend the term of the Syrian-backed president, Emile Lahoud, for three years after his current six-year term expires. Many council members regarded the extension ...
0	Kidnappers Release Robinho's Mother &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Joao Carlos Assumpcao&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTOS, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers freed on Friday themother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazil's most talentedyoung players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while shewas attending a barbecue.&lt;/p&gt;
3	Flaw in Office has DoS attack potential A security company warned on Thursday that a flaw in Microsoft Office could allow a denial-of-service attack to be executed on systems running somewhat older versions of the popular productivity suite.
0	Aceh governor arrested over graft \\Indonesian authorities arrest the governor of Aceh province for alleged involvement in a corrupt helicopter purchase.
3	Sport Fishing Takes Big Bite Out of Fish Stocks Recreational fishing accounts for almost a quarter of the total take of depleted saltwater fish species in the United States, including economically important species such 
0	2 Assessments of Iraq, 2 Election Strategies The presidential candidates' opposed images of the war reflect opposed strategies for the final weeks of the campaign.
1	Pot (of soup) boils over in Arsenal-Manchester feud Accusations of vicious fouls, cheating, refereeing mistakes and a disputed penalty kick followed the latest confrontation between two of the giants of English soccer -- a 2-0 victory by Manchester United that ended Arsenal #39;s record unbeaten streak of 49 
3	McAfee #39;s Trojan error ires developer Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
3	IBM to Share Technology and Designs for New Computer BM plans to announce today that it will share the designs and technology for a fast-growing line of computers known as blade servers.
1	Sniezek Spurs Gonzaga J.P. Sniezek makes the first catch of his career, a 39-yard completion, and then boots a field goal to lift Gonzaga over Georgetown Prep.
3	Nintendo Operating Profit Up 39 Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese video game maker Nintendo Co.  Ltd. reported a 39.1 percent rise in operating profit for the  first half on Thursday and raised its sales target for a new,  keenly awaited portable game player.
0	Sharon seeks coalition go-ahead Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's Likud party is to  vote on whether to invite the opposition Labour Party into the coalition.
2	Remortgages surge as new home loans begin to weaken By Malcolm Moore, Economics Correspondent (Filed: 26/11/2004). Increasing numbers of homeowners are renegotiating their mortgages to take advantage of the slowing property market, the British Bankers Association said yesterday.
0	Cuba to End Circulation of U.S. Dollar Nov. 8  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba said on Monday that it was ending  circulation of the U.S. dollar in its territory as of Nov. 8 in  response to tightened U.S. economic sanctions.
2	Iceland firms linked to Easyjet Shares in low-cost airline Easyjet jump by 15 on speculation it is a takeover target for one of three Icelandic carriers.
2	China Netcom prices IPO and raises \$1.13bn China Netcom, the smallest of Chinas four big telecoms carriers, raised US\$1.13 billion from a Hong Kong and New York IPO priced just above the mid-point of its indicated range, sponsor Goldman Sachs said on Wednesday.
3	Quantum acquires tape drive maker Certance Storage vendor Quantum Wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase Certance LLC, a manufacturer of tape-based storage devices in Costa Mesa, Calif.
1	Rafique and Mortaza strike, but India pass 400 Mohammad Rafique and Mashrafe Mortaza shared five wickets as India reached 7 for 413 at lunch on day two of the second and final Test in Chittagong.
0	Egypt Detains Suspects in Resort Blasts TABA, Egypt - Dozens of Bedouin tribesmen have been detained on suspicion they supplied explosives for car bomb attacks at two Egyptian resorts that killed at least 34 people, officials said Saturday.    Israel's counterterrorism chief, meanwhile, said Israeli tourists in Egypt are still in danger and urged them to return home immediately...
3	Killer hamster ices owner A Japanese man died after a bite from his pet hamster caused anaphylactic shock, Mainichi Shimbun reports. Ther nameless forty-something succumbed after repeated bites from the animal sensitised his immune 
1	Report: Former Marlins closer Benitez reaches deal with Giants The San Francisco Giants have agreed to terms on a three-year, \$21 million contract with Marlins free agent closer Armando Benitez, according to several media reports.
1	Khorkina Bitter at All-Around Defeat Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to American Carly Patterson in the women #39;s all-around gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal and said  quot;everything was decided in advance.
2	EU ministers disagree on fuel tax breaks European Union finance ministers failed early today to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices, despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they were threatening economic growth.
1	Moss, Owens battle on Monday night stage BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Two of the NFL #39;s best receivers go head-to-head on the national stage Monday night when Terrell Owens and the Philadelphia Eagles host Randy Moss and the Minnesota Vikings.
1	New York Mets hire two more special assistants in front office The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players #39; union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
1	Shearer: Toon have to go out and sign Rooney ALAN SHEARER last night stepped into the ward of words between Craig Bellamy and Newcastle over Wayne Rooney by saying,  quot;Let #39;s go out and sign him.
3	HD DVD in Toshiba laptops next year Toshiba announced plans to include an HD DVD-enabled DVD player in its laptops starting in December next year. The new drives will be limited to the high-end  quot;Qosmio quot; brand, and will sell for around 200,000-300,000 yen (US\$1,845-\$2,770).
3	Vonage Teams With Netgear on VoIP Tech According to a June 2004 report by industry research firm In-Stat/MDR, more than 10 percent of all broadband subscribers will use broadband IP telephony by the end of 2008.
2	British grocer J Sainsbury rings up first ever loss J Sainsbury reported its first ever pretax loss after investing heavily in restructuring aimed at arresting a decline in its fortunes.
3	Space Travel for the Rich Even before Burt Rutans SpaceShipOne soared on her second flight in six days to win the Ansari X Prize, the flamboyant British entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, owner of Virgin Atlantic Airline, decided that he had seen an opportunity to make even more 
1	Shaun #39;s ready The Manchester City flier is hoping to win his second cap in Azerbaijan on Wednesday night while the injured and suspended England skipper is forced to sit the game out.
0	Spam e-mails tempt net shoppers \Computer users continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
1	Yankees Win Controversial Game Against Devil Rays (Reuters) Reuters - Alex Rodriguez drove in three runs and\Orlando Hernandez pitched seven strong innings to guide the New\York Yankees past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-4 in the American\League Monday.
1	Centerfielder only Brave honored for defensive play If the Braves have any desire to float Andruw Jones #39; name in trade discussions at next week #39;s major league general managers #39; meetings, they can do it with another accomplishment tacked on his resume.
2	IBM Puts PC Unit Up for Sale - NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal  that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times  reported on Friday.
3	Google Stock Falls as Share Total Doubles (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. \fell 6.67 percent on Tuesday, as selling restrictions were\lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early\investors in the newly public Web search company.
3	Viruses exploit Microsoft patch cycle Are MyDoom offshoots an attempt to throw Microsoft off-balance?
3	Walking a Bit More May Help Keep Weight Off By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    DENVER (AP) -- A year ago, Dr...
0	Election Commission in Ukraine Affirms Early Results As opposition protests entered a third day, Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich was declared the winner.
1	Hauritz to ask Miller for advice Nathan Hauritz, recalled to the Test squad for next month #39;s highly anticipated tour of India despite his uninspiring recent form, wants to talk to former off-spinning tourists Gavin Robertson 
3	Novell Launches its First Branded Linux Desktop 9 Novell has announced its latest Linux offering for desktop computers. Christened the Novell Linux Desktop 9, the software will be the first  quot;Novell branded quot; Linux desktop offering supplied by the company following 
3	Earnings alert: AT T posts \$7.1 billion loss Plus: Lucent's 1st profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
2	Settlement Offered in Drug Patent Case The attorney general of Oregon, Hardy Myers, has proposed a \$36 million nationwide settlement among the pharmaceutical manufacturer Organon USA, consumers and states over the antidepressant drug Remeron.
3	Web services for your TiVo? Web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. Now, Microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
3	MSN Search Beta Not Ranking MSN Search Blog MSN Search Beta Not Ranking MSN Search Blog\\Ok, I lied in the title of the thread (original title was "penalizing MSN Search Blog"), but it did get you to click over from your RSS feed aggregator, didn't it? ;) But there is some truth to this title, MSN Search Beta ...
1	Loaded for Bears Defensive coordinator Greg Blache spent the last five seasons in the same position in Chicago and has Washington prepared for Sunday.
2	Income, Consumer Spending Up Rocky Mountain vacation resorts said their advance ski season sales are up from a year ago, while Texas retailers reported a recent run on high-definition televisions.
0	U.N.: Explosives Missing from Former Iraq Atomic Site  VIENNA (Reuters) - Nearly 380 tons of explosives are  missing from a site near Baghdad that was part of Saddam  Hussein's dismantled atom bomb program but was never secured by  the U.S. military, the United Nations said Monday.
3	Vulnerability allows scammers to hijack pop-ups Security researchers warned today of a vulnerability in most Web browsers that could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted Web sites.
2	Stocks Open Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed in  early trade on Tuesday, as a report of a possible \$24 billion  takeover of cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;  by Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; and easing oil prices provided  support.
1	Monday Morning The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
0	Controversial columnist, gifted filmmaker  quot;A professional adolescent, a die-hard reactionary, quot; is how Theo van Gogh (47) used to characterise himself. The Dutch film director and newspaper columnist who was 
2	Google Overcomes Regulatory, Marketing Gaffes to Do IPO Its Way Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- The founders of Google Inc. did it their way, and then they paid the price. Sergey Brin, 30, and Larry Page, 31, completed an initial public offering of the largest Internet search firm yesterday using an unorthodox Dutch auction ...
3	Speech code from IBM to become open source IBM plans to announce Monday that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups. The move is a tactical step by IBM to accelerate the development 
2	Dell to build plant in N.C. Dell Inc. said yesterday that it would build its third US manufacturing plant in North Carolina, employing at least 1,500 people within five years. The new facility, scheduled to open in the fall of 2005 at a site to be determined, will produce desktop computers.
1	Rookie Johnson Joins Funk in Buick Lead  CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - Rookie Zach Johnson  produced the day's joint best score, a five-under-par 65, to  join Fred Funk at the top of the leaderboard after the second  round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship Friday.
0	Former Foes Russia, Turkey Eye Era of Warmer Ties Russia and Turkey, putting to rest lingering Cold War tensions, said Monday it was time their political ties caught up with their booming economic links.
2	Adobe to update PDF tools Put away the red pen, because publishing software giant Adobe Systems plans to change the way businesses share comments on documents.
3	Microsoft, Fujifilm team on digital prints Fujifilm #39;s Get The Picture Online service will be available starting this week through Windows XP #39;s updated Online Print Wizard, MSN Photos and Microsoft Digital Image Suite.
0	Nikkei Hits Low, Hurt by Weak Dollar (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average lost 0.85 percent\to a three-week closing low on Thursday as a fall in the dollar\further weakened investor confidence in company earnings,\driving exporters such as Honda Motor Co. down.
0	Golden Globes names announced Jamie Foxx has three Golden Globe nominations, with Nicole Kidman and Johnny Depp also up for prizes.
3	UA researchers work on Cassini project The University of Arizona in Tucson has a dozen faculty members and scores of graduate students who have spent hundreds of thousands of hours working on Cassini-related projects.
1	Baseball: Boston marathon halts Yankee sprint BOSTON It was as if David Ortiz wanted to give a gift to every fan at Fenway Park. They had made him a folk hero. His legend was about to grow.
3	South Korea #39;s LG to file suit to nullify Matsushita PDP patents in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL : South Korea #39;s LG Electronics will take action in a Japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
3	Live digital TV arrives on mobile phones TV addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by Texas Instruments (TI) for mobile phones.
1	UPDATE 1-Garcia retains lead after lost-ball incident Sergio Garcia had to undergo an extensive investigation following a lost-ball incident at Valderrama on Friday before being cleared to keep his one-stroke lead in the Volvo Masters second round.
1	Hungry Shaq out to feast in East Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s weight is down, and his motivation is up. That #39;s a troublesome combination for opponents of the Miami Heat, who acquired O #39;Neal in an offseason trade 
2	A Rough Ride for Schwinn Bicycle The rise and fall of companies such as Schwinn help explain why the economy has become less forgiving of workers who lack higher education or specialized skills.
2	Price of oil eases off record highs LONDON - World oil prices eased slightly yesterday but remained close to record high points near 55 dollars a barrel as traders fretted about low inventories of US heating fuel heading into the northern winter.
1	American Champion Tim Mack Wins Pole Vault Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American champion Tim Mack won the  Olympic pole vault title on Friday with a Games record 5.95  meters after an engrossing duel with teammate Toby Stevenson.
2	York Int #39;l Unit Recalling Gas Furnaces A York International Corp. (YRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) subsidiary has agreed to recall about 226,000 natural gas furnaces because of a fire risk, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Monday.
1	NASCAR to give hard-liquor ads green flag NASCAR officials e-mailed a bulletin to team executives Tuesday afternoon advising them that a longstanding ban on hard-liquor advertising will be lifted for next season.
3	Movie Industry Preparing Suits on File Sharing Hoping to head off the kind of rampant online piracy that has plagued the record industry, Hollywood #39;s major movie studios said yesterday that they would begin filing lawsuits 
1	NASCAR confident Nextel Cup series will not be harmed by Sprint &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASCAR is not expecting any immediate changes to its top-tier racing series following the merger between telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.
3	HP to sell PathScale compilers Hewlett-Packard will resell PathScale's compiling tools for high-performing clusters.
2	Gold surges as dollar falls again The euro jumps to an all time high against the dollar as signs of declining business confidence in Germany increases fears about European competitiveness.
3	Robot lets down fans of telescope Trying to save the famed Hubble Space Telescope with a robot would cost \$2 billion with just a 50-50 chance of success, an aerospace research group is advising NASA in the coming days.
2	Heart attack causing arthritis drug should be withdrawn A new research published by the Lancet suggests that Vioxx, a widely-prescribed arthritis drug withdrawn on safety grounds in September should have been taken off the market several years earlier.
2	Manufacturing accelerates Manufacturing in the nation accelerated in August and September, supporting Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s view that the economy  quot;regained some traction.
0	Marsh CEO sees Spitzer settlement The new boss of scandal-hit US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan says he expects to settle charges brought by New York's attorney-general.
1	Hopkins knocks out De La Hoya his way Bernard Hopkins came into the ring to a recording of one of Frank Sinatras epic songs. Fighting his usual tactical fight, Hopkins allowed Oscar De La Hoya to dominate the first 
3	"Monster" Waves Suprisingly Common, Satellites Show Rogue waves #151;eight or more stories or higher #151;are freaks of the ocean once thought to be tall tales told by sailors. But now scientists have satellite evidence that the massive upwellings are not only real but also fairly common.
2	Dodge SUVs, trucks recalled Failures in the ball joints of Durango SUVs and Dakota pickups prompt DaimlerChrysler to order the recall of 600,000 vehicles. WASHINGTON - Bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, DaimlerChrysler 
0	Europe eyes end to limbo in EU assembly vote (AFP) AFP - EU lawmakers are expected finally to declare the European Union's new executive arm fit for office Thursday, ending an unprecedented three-week state of limbo for the expanding bloc.
2	Microsoft Deletes More Antitrust Opponents After years of expensive litigation aimed at weakening its hold on the software market, Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is on the verge of settling with nearly all of its opponents.
3	EMC  quot;buy quot; NEW YORK, September 8 (New Ratings) - Analysts at First Albany maintain their  quot;buy quot; rating on EMC (EMC.NYS). The target price is set to \$13.
0	Kidnappers threaten to kill Chinese engineers Militants in Pakistan who kidnapped two Chinese engineers have threatened to kill them unless Pakistan releases detained Al Qaeda suspects, a security official said.
2	Stocks rally, end above 10,000 Stocks rose sharply yesterday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed an increase in crude inventories. The Dow Jones industrial average had its second straight triple-digit gain, pushing back above the 10,000 mark.
1	Jimenez edges Kingston in Hong Kong Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez continued his love affair with Asia as he kept his nerve to take a one-stroke victory at the \$800 000 Hong Kong Open on Sunday.
2	Cisco sees China as center of world tech market Cisco Systems, the world #39;s largest maker of equipment for directing Internet traffic says China is well on the way to becoming the world #39;s technology hub.
2	PeopleSoft Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a quarterly net profit, after a year-earlier  loss, as the company saw stronger sales of its  business  software than what it had forecast earlier despite its  continued fight to block a takeover from rival Oracle Corp.
3	Roman face cream discovered and reproduced A cosmetic face cream used by fashionable women in ancient Roman times has been analysed by scientists at Bristol University, UK, and now reproduced.
2	New York's Spitzer Says May Sue Insurer (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an\insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping\probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on\Friday.
2	Wal-Mart approves unions in China Wal-Mart is to allow its Chinese employees to join a trade union following pressure from the Chinese authorities.
3	Light relay 'should be dropped' A leading astronomy group in the US voices opposition to a global 'light relay' planned for next year.
1	Els halfway to sixth title at World Match Play Surrey, England (Sports Network) - Ernie Els battled to a 1-up win Friday in the quarterfinals of the HSBC World Match Play Championship to move closer to his sixth title at this event.
2	US stocks gain as oil falls US stocks closed higher on Monday after a drop in oil prices eased worries about high energy costs, although disappointing earnings from diversified manufacturer 3M Co.
3	The quest for the IT Holy Grail &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; What's its secret? Productivity
3	Google agrees to Chinese censorship SEARCH ENGINE giant Google seems to have agreed to block access to sites that the Chinese authorities think will corrupt their citizens.
0	Hezbollah Re-Elects Sheik Hassan Nasrallah (AP) AP - Hezbollah's executive has re-elected Sheik Hassan Nasrallah as leader of the militant Shiite Muslim movement, according to a statement Monday by the party that the United States brands as terrorist.
0	HE FELL CASTRO CUBAN president Fidel Castro was recovering today after a bad fall as he left the stage following a televised speech. The communist leader broke his knee and arm in the tumble but quickly recovered his composure 
0	Kofi Annan Must Go Over the past seven months, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, has conducted an exhaustive, bipartisan investigation into the scandal surrounding the UN Oil-for-Food program.
2	Alitalia shares soar on union deal Shares in Alitalia are soaring as the board of the Italian carrier prepares to approve a rescue plan that will cut jobs and slash wages in an effort to avoid collapse.
0	Climber who found frozen mummy dies in Alps VIENNA Austrian officials have recovered the body of a missing German climber who won fame when he found a mummified 5,300-year-old human body in the Alps in 1991.
2	Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market next week during the depth of the  summer doldrums.
0	Profit Drops at NTT DoCoMo on Service Fees (AP) AP - NTT DoCoMo Inc., Japan's top mobile carrier, reported a 6 percent drop in first fiscal half earnings Friday as it introduced discounts to fight intensifying competition. But it raised its full-year forecast, citing anticipated gains on asset sales.
1	Sadler Prevails Elliott Sadler all but locks up his spot in the Chase for the Nextel Cup, pulling away with 10 laps to go to win the Pop Secret 500.
0	Crisis Over, Afghanistan Heads for Vote Count  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan was preparing on Tuesday to  count votes after rivals of President Hamid Karzai said they  had withdrawn their rejection of the weekend presidential poll.
3	Sony, Samsung agree to share toys Sony and Samsung have entered into a far-reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company #39;s intellectual properties to the other.
2	Carphone poised to ring up healthy profits Carphone Warehouse today announced a 25 increase in the number of connections during its second quarter, with interim pre-tax profits expected to be at least 27m.
3	Will the iPod Become the Next Pet Rock? Lately, I #39;ve written extensively about Apple Computer #39;s moves in the connected home, and certainly some of the company #39;s well-designed productsespecially its best-selling iPodare hits with users.
0	Russia May Have to Delay Space Launch (AP) AP - Russia may have to delay October's planned launch of the next International Space Station crew by up to 10 days to fix a problem on the spacecraft that is to carry them into orbit, Russian news agencies reported.
3	P2P Networks Score Legal Victory Against Studios File-sharing applications Morpheus and Grokster were claiming legal victory after a US court said it was not responsible for protecting the copyrights of material swapped on its person-to-person network.
0	Kidnapped Aid Official Begs Blair To Save Her Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging the British prime minister to abandon Iraq.
2	Airbus to launch A350 to rival Boeing 7E7 PARIS, Dec 10 (AFP) - The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus is to launch a new plane, the A350, that will challenge the future Boeing fuel-efficient 7E7, Airbus owners EADS and BAE Systems announced Friday.
0	Official campaign opens in Afghan presidential poll The official month-long campaign for Afghanistan #39;s first-ever direct presidential election opened today in what will be a major test of U S-led nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.
0	Iran sites  #39;off limits for UN checks #39; TEHRAN: Iran yesterday said it was not obliged to allow UN inspectors to visit military sites alleged to be involved in secret nuclear weapons work, but that it was willing to discuss the issue.
2	Oracle again extends tender offer for PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s second-biggest software company, on Thursday said it again extended its \$7.
0	Iraq Allies, Countering Annan, Insist War Was Legal  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.  official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military  action in Iraq was legal.
0	India, Pak agree to fight narco-terrorism jointly: India News: New Delhi, Dec 13 : India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances.
0	Attack On Israeli Army Backfires Militants attacking an Israeli armored bulldozer inadvertently killed three other Palestinians Tuesday during an Israeli operation to destroy weapons-smuggling tunnels from Egypt.
0	Iraqi politician calls for elections delay Iraqi politician Adnan Pachachi has called for a six-month delay before elections originally scheduled for 30 January. Citing the tense security situation and the need to ensure thet greatest number of Iraqis 
1	Rangers take temporary lead in Premier League Rangers took the Premier League lead Saturday in Scotland, defeating Dundee 3-0 on early goals from Spaniard Nacho Novo and Croatian Dado Prso, and a second-half strike from Bob Malcolm.
2	Lottery for Longshore Jobs Draws More Than 300,000 Description: Union and shipping company officials at the Port of Los Angeles held a lottery Thursday to fill 300,000 longshore jobs. More than 300,000 people applied for the dangerous but lucrative jobs. Results of the lottery will be posted on the Web ...
0	EU Trio, Iran Fail to Reach Nuke Deal  VIENNA (Reuters) - France, Britain and Germany on Wednesday  failed to persuade Iran to scrap a program that could give it  the capacity to build nuclear weapons but both sides agreed to  meet again soon.
0	Japan sounds alarm on birth rate \The Japanese government says urgent policy changes are needed to reverse the country's population decline.
3	New sub-species of tiger found A genetic study of the tiger family reveals a previously unknown sub-species of the big cats.
2	Fed Lifts Rates for Fourth Time This Year  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve on Wednesday  nudged U.S. interest rates up a quarter percentage point for  the fourth time this year, citing healthier job markets and  indicating it will press on with a rate-rise campaign.
1	Pakistan recovers after shaky start. The Western Warriors are in a good position after day 1 against Pakistan at the WACA. The Warriors are 1/20 at stumps, 242 runs behind Pakistans first innings total.
1	Smoltz back in starting rotation He has won 20. He has saved 50. And now that he #39;s back in the Braves #39; starting rotation, he #39;ll probably win 20 again. John Smoltz last started a game back in the 2001 season.
1	Roddick Rocks Voltchkov as US Leads Belarus 2-0 Andy Roddick and Mardy  quot;Silver quot; Fish put the US up 2-0 Friday in their Davis Cup semifinal match-up against Belarus. Roddick overwhelmed Vladimir  quot;The Vladiator quot; Voltchkov 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, followed by Fish defeating 
0	Kashmir difficult issue, says Powell WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday that the Kashmir issue was complicated and would take time to resolve.
2	Turbulent times for US airline companies NEW YORK : Storms, skyrocketing fuel prices, cutthroat competition and labor costs have shaped turbulent times for US airlines, and the troubles are starting to trickle down to the low-cost carriers.
3	Online commons to spark debate eBay could be a good model for \government-backed online communities,  says a UK think-tank.
1	Roundup: Singh overcomes bogeys, takes lead The final full-field event of the PGA Tour season is supposed to be all about money. It is fitting that the player with the most of it -ijay Singh  -in control at the Chrysler Championship.
2	Current Account Gap Weakens Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped on Tuesday, pushed  down by a report showing the U.S. current account deficit  ballooned to a new record in the second quarter.
2	Colgate to Cut Jobs and Use Savings to Spur Sales Colgate-Palmolive said that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years.
3	Huge Asteroid to Fly Past Earth Wednesday The largest asteroid ever known to pass near Earth is making a close celestial brush with the planet this week in an event that professional and backyard astronomers are watching closely.
2	Corporate Tax Measure Passes Senate The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package Monday that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing U.S. exporters in line with international trade rules.
3	4 studios support HD DVD Shades of VHS versus Betamax: The war over the next-generation DVD format was launched Monday. Warner Bros., Paramount and Universal studios, as well as minimajor New Line Cinema 
3	Google muscles in on Microsoft turf Not too long ago, Google Inc seemed little more than a nuisance to Microsoft Corp #39;s software domination. No more. As Google rapidly rolls out new products, the company best known for its wildly popular search 
1	Vince ready to play ball and be happy #39; It #39;s been quiet around Vince Carter for the last two weeks: He #39;s been going about his business of getting into shape, learning a new coach, a new system and a couple of new teammates.
2	Grapefruit crop to be smallest since 1938 Citrus growers will harvest the smallest crop since 1993 because of three hurricanes that ravaged the state and damaged groves locally and statewide, the Florida Department of Citrus said Tuesday.
3	Sun Finalizes Accounting for Kodak Settlement Sun Microsystems Inc.'s first-quarter loss was reduced Friday as the server and software company finalized the accounting for its \$92 million patent settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. over the Java programming technology.
0	IN THE NEWS - Indonesia #39;s Presidential Election Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to become the next president of Indonesia. With most ballots counted, the former military chief and security minister has a wide lead over President Megawati Sukarnoputri.
2	Update 1: Movie Gallery Offers to Acquire Company Video rental company Movie Gallery Inc. became the third company to vie for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., claiming Friday that its offer was more likely to win antitrust approval than the \$700 million bid made by industry leader Blockbuster Inc.
0	Scores Are Dead After Violence Spreads in Iraq In a series of tightly sequenced attacks, at least 25 Iraqis were killed by suicide car bombings and a barrage of missile and mortar fire in several neighborhoods across Baghdad on Sunday.
2	Pound soars against dollar after shock rise in retail sales (AFP) AFP - Sterling continued to outperform the dollar after official figures showed British high-street spending was unexpectedly robust in August, helping to build the case for another rate hike by the Bank of England.
2	Change of Direction at PeopleSoft PeopleSoft's firing of its president and chief executive increased the likelihood that the company would be taken over by the Oracle Corporation.
1	Liverpool defy odds to secure progress The impossible was merely delayed. An opener from Rivaldo left Liverpool requiring to win by two goals to reach the next phase of the Champions League.
3	How to reach space - on a pair of junkyard shocks WINSLOW, ARIZ. - By 6:45 on a chilly desert evening, a deep indigo sky has squeezed what remains of the day into thin lines of pink and turquoise twilight along the horizon.
3	If Hockey Is Out, Best Thing on Ice May Be a Computer Game A cable channel plans to resurrect each of the 1,230 regular-season games listed on the league's defunct 2004-2005 schedule by setting them in motion on a video game console.
3	Court Tosses VeriSign Suit Vs. Internet Overseers LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A federal judge on Friday dismissed an antitrust complaint against a key Internet oversight group brought by a company that controls directories for guiding Internet users worldwide.    U.S...
1	Glasgow teams in cup clash Celtic have been drawn against arch rivals Rangers in next month #39;s third round Tennent #39;s Scottish Cup. Martin O #39;Neill #39;s men will have home advantage against their Old Firm rivals.
3	RIAA begins new round of file-sharing lawsuits Beginning a new round of copyright infringement lawsuits, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) announced Thursday they will be taking legal action against 791 individuals suspected of illegally downloading music files.
1	Italian Serie A match reports Champions Milan picked up their first win of the season but it was hard going against a determined Bologna whose inspired keeper Gianluca Pagliuca kept the visitors at bay until the 84th minute 
1	Gardenhire has winning touch It is 4:30 pm on Tuesday, the day after the Minnesota Twins clinched their third consecutive American League Central Division title.
0	Garcia Marquez's Novel Released Early The first novel in a decade by Nobel Prize author Gabriel Garcia Marquez went on sale across the Spanish-speaking world Wednesday, a launch pushed forward because counterfeiters were already selling copies of "Memories of My Melancholy Whores."
3	Lizards Help Explain Survival of the Not-So-Fittest Is it possible to outrun evolution? Two new lizard-behavior studies look at why it's not always just the fittest that survive.
3	On-Demand Apps Break Enterprise Barriers (TechWeb) TechWeb - Now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?
1	Barber #39;s reinvention helps lift Giants (Oct. 6, 2004) -- The New York Giants easily qualify as one of the biggest surprise teams of the first quarter of the NFL season. And Tiki Barber easily qualifies as one of their biggest surprise players.
3	Origin of Cosmic Rays Revealed neutron_p writes  quot;An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays.
0	School raiders #39; nationality identified Security officials have identified six of the militants who seized a school in southern Russia as being from Chechnya, drawing a strong connection to the Chechen insurgents who have been fighting Russian forces for years.
2	Chalone to sell, pending other bids Chalone Wine Group has completed an unusual agreement to sell to France #39;s Domaines Barons de Rothschild in a deal valued at \$160 million, while retaining the right to shop itself to other bidders.
0	Downer upbeat after North Korea meetings MARK COLVIN: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, has met North Korea #39;s Foreign Minister and the President of the Supreme Peoples #39; Assembly in Pyongyang. As one of the few Western nations with diplomatic relations with the isolated totalitarian state, ...
3	Sun #39;s New Multi-threaded Processor, UltraSPARC IV Implemented using Texas Instruments #39; 90 nanometer process technology, UltraSPARC IV will double the application throughput of the existing UltraSPARC IV through expanded caches and buffers, a better branch prediction mechanism, augmented prefetching 
1	Making his point The disgruntled receiver, who turns 42 today, expects to be dealt before the Oct. 19 trade deadline. By Gregg Bell -- Bee Staff Writer.
1	Braves' Thomson, Chipper Jones Hurt (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson and cleanup hitter Chipper Jones left Saturday's game against the Chicago Cubs with injuries, just days before the NL East champions begin the playoffs.
1	Today's schedule Pro baseball: International League -- Pawtucket vs. Scranton/Wilkes-Barre at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 1 p.m.; Eastern League -- Portland vs. New Hampshire at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Newark at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.
2	Bank set to meet inflation target The Bank of England today hinted that interest rates may have peaked as it said it was on course to meet its inflation target assuming that rates remain unchanged.
0	Egypt bomb blasts kill 22 At least 22 people have been killed in back-to-back bombings in Egyptian resorts packed with Israeli tourists, and Israel says it appears to be the work of al Qaeda.
1	Family circle Family Day in the Fens means fun and games to most folks. Players toddle around the bases with wide-eyed kids. Mothers beam. Children smile. All is bliss on the sun-splashed emerald lawn.
2	Crude oil prices retreat after topping new high Crude oil prices retreated Monday as Norwegian officials ordered striking oil workers to resume their work, reducing market #39;s fears over disruptions in Norwegian oil supplies.
2	Yukos ready to open new accounts Russia #39;s top oil exporter, Yukos, said yesterday it would open new bank accounts to fund its daily operations after bailiffs seized accounts of its main oil-producing units.
3	Naturalists Struggle to Save Iran Cheetahs (Reuters) Reuters - Only 60 cheetahs are believed to remain\in Iran, their numbers bludgeoned by hunting, road-building and\drought, say environmentalists battling to save them from\extinction.
3	Time to Dump IE? Internet Explorer is a hacker #39;s dream. Can you (and should you) drop it right now? Internet Explorer is the Swiss Cheese of softwareit #39;s full of holes.
2	Wal-Mart wireless with RadioShack RadioShack to take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at retailer #39;s Sam #39;s Club stores. NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp.
1	No racism within ZCU: ICC The Zimbabwe Cricket Union was cleared on Sunday of racism by an International Cricket Council investigation. The probe was launched after 15 white players were dismissed for backing Heath Streak, who was 
3	Intel intros new budget Celerons and chipset Intel has introduced a new addition to its line of budget Celerons and a new chipset. The new products will spearhead its attack on the Christmas market with a view to fending off the challenge of AMDs new Sempron range.
3	Ancient Ape Discovered: Last Ape-Human Ancestor? In Spain scientists have discovered 13-million-year-old fossils of a new species of ape. The species may have been the last common ancestor of humans and all great apes living today. &lt;b&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
3	British Scientists Develop New Vaccine Technology (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists have taken tips from\Mother Nature to develop a new technology that could deliver\cheaper, life-saving vaccines without refrigeration to millions\of children in remote areas of the world.
3	NASA Says Shuttle Is on Track for  May Flight Despite the plans, designers acknowledged "setbacks" in devising onboard techniques to repair the thermal insulation on the underside of the spacecraft.
0	Belgian PM injured in traffic accident Brussels - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt was in hospital on Tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his vehicle overturned, Belga news agency reported.
2	FDA wants new study of lupus drug Federal regulators said yesterday that they won #39;t approve La Jolla Pharmaceutical #39;s experimental lupus drug without an additional human study to prove its benefits.
0	Amnesty: Rapes in War Zones Not Punished (AP) AP - Women and girls in war zones suffer rape and violent abuse while offenders escape punishment, Amnesty International said a report released Wednesday.
0	Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...
0	Karzai Opposes Afghan Poll Delay, Despite Concerns  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's presidential election will  be held on time, President Hamid Karzai said on Monday, despite  rival candidates' fears the lack of security was hampering  their campaigns and undermining voting legitimacy.
1	BAR stops Davidson #39;s Williams test Motorsport.com. BAR test driver Anthony Davidson was due to try out for Williams at the beginning of December but BAR has put a stop to it.
0	Indian Policeman Kills Seven Colleagues in Kashmir A policeman ran amok at a security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down, police said on Sunday.
1	BoSox, Astros Play for Crucial Game 4 Wins (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox entered this AL championship series hoping to finally overcome their bitter rivals from New York following a heartbreaking seven-game defeat last October. Instead, they've been reduced to trying to prevent the Yankees from completing a humiliating sweep in their own ballpark.
3	Transmeta suffers hype and hardware reality Perhaps the decision to name its flagship product after a fictional shipwrecked traveler who spent almost 30 years trapped on a small island was not the best of omens for Transmeta Corp.
1	Lackluster Els Slips Behind Drummond at Wentworth  VIRGINIA WATER, England (Reuters) - Defending champion  Ernie Els trailed unheralded Briton Scott Drummond by one hole  midway through their first-round match in the World Match Play  Championship at Wentworth on Thursday.
2	The Security-Industrial Complex (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Security is a very big and growing tech business. Cumulative private and public sector security spending in the U.S. is forecast to exceed  #36;1 trillion over the coming decade. The punditocracy has analogized this post-Sept. 11 trend to Cold War-era military spending; homeland security will be a short-term economic stimulus but, ultimately, like military spending, a drag on the nation's domestic production.
2	IRS asks about tips at Chili #39;s Brinker International Inc., which operates the Chili #39;s restaurant chain, said Monday it received an inquiry from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the company #39;s share of taxes on \$31.
0	Finnish ski jumping ace heads for crash landing in life (AFP) AFP - The life of Matti Nykaenen, arguably the best ski jumper of all times, is primarily a tale of great sporting achievements, but also about ups and downs and then some more downs, as alcohol and violence ravage his existence.
2	Finding a seasonal job is hard work this year When Gabrielle Wentworth was heading toward a new life in Seattle, she knew the job situation was tight, even for college graduates.
2	Alcoa-Billiton venture, Integris Metals, to go public A joint venture between Alcoa Inc. and BHP Billiton has filed to go public through an offering worth as much as \$100 million, according to regulatory filings and the companies.
0	US Envoy Positive About Security Council Talks On Sudan Nairobi, Nov. 18 (NNN) : Ambassadors from the United Nations Security Council are set to meet in the Kenyan capital for talks on Sudan at a two-day event in Nairobi which will focus on the peace process in 
0	India fight back to beat Germany in Champions Trophy (AFP) AFP - India came from behind to defeat new-look Germany 3-1 and remain in contention for a podium finish in the men's Champions Trophy field hockey tournament here.
1	NBA Today (AP) AP - Seattle at Portland (10 p.m. EST). The SuperSonics (13-2) have the NBA's top record and are off to their best start since going 14-1 in the 1993-94 season.
2	Russia #39;s Gazprom rallies anew Russian gas company Gazprom rallied again Wednesday as investors said the upcoming easing of share ownership rules would make it a must-have stock in emerging markets portfolios.
0	Taiwan denies President Chen #39;s plane targeted by Chinese fighter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TAIPEI: Taiwanese authorities have denied reports that President Chen Shui-bian #39;s plane was targeted by Chinese fighter jets when he was flying over the Taiwan Strait.
0	Kerry Plans to Respond to Bush Speech (AP) AP - Hours after George Bush is to accept the Republican Party's nomination for re-election in New York on Thursday night, Democrat John Kerry plans to respond at Ground Zero of the presidential campaign  #151; Ohio.
0	Blair urges dialogue with US on climate LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair yesterday urged a new international dialogue with the United States on climate change, weeks before Britain takes over the presidency of the G8 group of industrialized nations.  quot;The most important thing is to try to get a dialogue with America on how we recognize both the scale of the problem on greenhouse gas emissions ...
3	Enter your e-mail: Today, I got an e-mail from Amazon informing me that there was a problem with my account, and I wouldn #39;t be allowed to order any more products until I #39;d clicked on a link to update my information.
0	Music Industry Is Trying Out Digital-Only Releases Record labels are looking to digital sales as a first step on the road to the larger music marketplace after years of infighting over how to sell music online.
3	Good bio sensor news for diabetics New Delhi: American nanotechnology researchers at the University of Illinois have demonstrated a tiny, implantable detector that could one day allow diabetics to monitor their glucose levels continuously without ever having to draw a blood sample.
1	Mussina has no margin for error against Twins lefty Santana It seems the Yankees have the Mets to thank for the big, overhand left thats coming head-on at them tonight in Game 1 of the ALDS at Yankee Stadium.
3	If clouds part, blood-red moon will be seen during eclipse tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America -- weather permitting.
0	Third-Party Candidates Seek Ohio Recount (AP) AP - Two third-party presidential candidates filed a federal lawsuit Monday to force a recount of Ohio ballots, and a spokesman for the state Democratic Party said it intends to join the suit.
1	Brown, Vazquez Flop for Yanks in Game 7 (AP) AP - Kevin Brown had a chance to claim a place in Yankees postseason history with his start in Game 7 of the AL championship series.
1	Eriksson to put caution to one side IF ONE stereotype doesnt fit, try another. Sven Goran Eriksson, pilloried in the summer for being an over-cautious Swede, inculcated during his Serie A career with a craven inclination to defend a slender 
2	Hutchison Telecom IPO to raise up to \$US1.13bn Hutchison Telecommunications International, the mainly emerging market telecom assets owned by conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa, had set a price range that could see its initial public offering raise up to \$US1.
0	U.S. Strikes Zarqawi Network, Killing 15 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes, tanks and artillery repeatedly hit at Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's terror network in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Saturday, while two British Muslim leaders came to Baghdad to try to convince his followers to release a British hostage...
1	San Diego Chargers SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Even with the highest scoring offense and the third highest-rated quarterback, Marty Schottenheimer wasn #39;t afraid to reach into his bag of tricks.
3	Red Hat Buys Technology from Netscape  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RHAT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RHAT.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape's computer user  identification and management technology from America Online  Inc., a unit of Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TWX.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;
1	Dostanic off to winning start at Red Star Serbia and Montenegro champions Red Star Belgrade beat city rivals Cukaricki 1-0 on Saturday to give new manager Ratko Dostanic his first taste of success on his debut.
2	Smithfield profits from protein-rich pork The flip side of low-carb dieting is high-protein eating, and that #39;s helping boost profits at Virginia #39;s Smithfield Foods, the world #39;s biggest pork producer.
0	Officials Rap Kerik on Background Check (AP) AP - Bernard Kerik, who withdrew his nomination for homeland security secretary after disclosing that he had not paid all required taxes for a nanny, did not fill out a background form when he was appointed police commissioner in 2000, city officials said.
0	Attacks in Russia Expose Rifts With West MOSCOW - The fight against terror was supposed to unite Russia and the West, pounding the last nail into the coffin of the Cold War. But three years after the Sept...
2	Giuliani looks to Wall Street Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani may have set aside any immediate Washington aspiration, concentrating instead on Wall Street.
0	Kidnappers grab second US citizen in a week Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman -he second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad  - militants released a tape Wednesday showing the beheading 
2	J J Says to Buy Guidant for \$25.4 Billion  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it agreed to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, for  \$25.4 billion in cash and stock, giving the healthcare products  maker a foothold in the fast-growing market for implantable  devices that regulate heartbeats.
0	Chinese in the dark as leaders gather  quot;I don #39;t know anything about the leadership struggles, it #39;s not in the newspapers, quot; said newsstand vendor Shao Guofu.
1	Sports: Ricky Williams may be considering a return to football NEW YORK A source within the NFL says Ricky Williams is asking the league for a hearing to clarify his playing status. The former Miami running back announced his retirement just before training camp.
2	China Sees Heavy Investment in Argentina in Decade China and Argentina signed accords on Tuesday that could bring nearly \$20 billion in investment from the Asian giant over the next 10 years for the capital-starved Latin American economy.
1	Trojans Protect Ranking Top-ranked Southern California makes a statement with a dominating 45-7 victory over fifteenth-ranked Arizona State on Saturday.
3	Biased Against Whom? Liberal bias versus right-wing conspiracy is a wonderful distraction. There is evidence enough on both sides. How can opposite claims be true? Confront a physicist with evidence supporting contradictory hypotheses and she will go looking for a more basic cause. Let's try that.
2	Ace terminates two employees following insurance scandal ACE Ltd., a Bermuda-based insurance company, announced on Thursday that it had terminated two executives and suspended three more unnamed employees in the wake of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzers probe into the bid-rigging practices in the 
3	Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems Microsoft has said the next release of Windows will still be worth the upgrade, even though Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
3	Canadian rocket bid put on hold Less than 10 days before its scheduled rocket launch, the da Vinci Project says its bid to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize is on hold for the next couple of weeks.
3	WebMasterWorld Conference Coverage WebMasterWorld Conference Coverage\\I just wanted to let everyone know that I will be attending the WebmasterWorld's Conference. I hope to be able to provide the conference coverage I have in the past for this conference, I actually plan on it, so stay tuned. The conference begins tomorrow morning and ends ...
2	Oracle may drop suit against PeopleSoft WILMINGTON (DELAWARE): An attorney for Oracle says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft #39;s anti-takeover protection if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by November 19.
3	Asian CEOs Warned of Threat from Climate Change (Reuters) Reuters - More severe tropical cyclones,\heatwaves and a dramatic shift in rainfall patterns could\batter Asia by the end of the century as its factories boom, a\leading climate expert told Asian chief executives on Friday.
1	Astros Lead Cards 5-2 After Eight Innings Houston Astros #39; Jeff Kent homers in the first inning against the St. Louis Cardinals during Game 3 of the National League Championship Series in Houston, Saturday Oct. 16, 2004.
1	India Rallies as Australia Slumps; Warne Ties Record (Update1) Anil Kumble led a fightback by India, trailing 1-0 in the four-match cricket series, as Australia slumped to 235 all out on the first day of the second Test.
0	Four people injured in bomb explosions in Spain Four people were wounded on Saturday when two bombs exploded at the tourist localities of Sanjenjo and Baiona, in Galicia, north Spain.
2	AIG settles charges, to pay \$126 million NEW YORK - American International Group Inc. said Wednesday that it has agreed to pay \$126 million to settle federal allegations that the insurance giant helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud.
1	Braves southpaw Mike Hampton misses start against Phils with stiff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Braves left-hander Mike Hampton missed his scheduled start Monday against the Philadelphia Phillies because of a stiff neck. Hampton #39;s neck had been bothering him for the past three days, said 
1	Gatlin #39;s gun fastest in historic shootout Serious fun lit up the Olympics last night. A showdown among the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior 
2	Update 10: Crude Oil Prices Slide Further Crude oil futures slid Thursday to their lowest levels in more than two weeks as concerns over supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US inventories.
1	Elvstroem all set for race that stops a nation For 24 sets of horses, trainers, jockeys, strappers and connections, the ultimate Australian sporting prize is within reach today at famous Flemington - the \$4.
1	Just in time the Cubs put it all together in win over Reds A message on a dry-erase board greeted the Cubs in their clubhouse Monday and explained how they should approach the final days of the regular season.
2	Component prices play key role in Dell earnings r Dell rode a wave of falling computer component prices to higher profits during its third quarter. The Round Rock, Texas, PC maker on Thursday posted double-digit third-quarter revenue and profit increases 
3	Astronauts float outside ISS for spacewalk Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas 
0	Ivan, Remnants Blamed for 45 U.S. Deaths WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...
3	The .NET Developer #39;s Guide to Windows Security Site Offer Making applications secure has been one of the biggest priorities for Microsoft developers. However, very few books have been written for developers; most security books are aimed at administrators.
2	Stocks Seen Opening Higher, Data Awaited (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stock futures rose on Friday,\spurred by lower oil prices and Intel Corp.'s   higher\sales forecast as Wall Street waited for monthly employment\data for clues about the economy's health.
0	Football legend Clough dies Former Nottingham Forest and Derby County manager Brian Clough dies aged 69.
1	No winner in  quot;The Race is On quot; Jimmie Johnson #39;s joy in winning the Subway 500 at Martinsville (Va.) Sunday was dampened by news of the crash of plane belonging to Hendrick Motorsports owner Rick Hendrick in which 10 people died.
3	Fear Is Spread by Body Language, Study Says Menacing body posture can be as threatening as a frightening facial expression, according to new research. The finding may explain how fear spreads.
0	Sharon Tells Party Rebels He #39;s Not Afraid of Early Elections Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sent a stern warning to rebels in his Likud Party today, saying he would not hesitate to call early elections if they prevented him from bringing the moderate Labour Party into the government.
0	Ukraine Leader Rejects Election Reform Demands  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing President  Leonid Kuchma Monday rejected reform of the country's election  laws on terms set by the opposition ahead of a re-run of the  ex-Soviet state's rigged vote later this month.
0	UN seeks access to Italy migrants The UN demands access to hundreds of illegal migrants on Lampedusa as Italy continues to expel them by air.
0	'Mock executions' for UK hostage The British journalist who was kidnapped in Iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to escape his captors.
2	US GROWTH IS CRIMPED BY OIL October 30, 2004 -- The US economy grew at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter as rising oil prices contributed to a record trade deficit and companies added less to inventories.
2	Stocks Tumble; Greenspan Jolts Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell sharply on Friday as  investors were jolted by a \$2 jump in oil prices and a warning  from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan that the dollar  had further to fall.
3	Stolen 'Halo 2' hits pirate sites Microsoft vows to punish whoever stole the hotly anticipated Xbox game, due for release next month. \
3	How Redmond Won Newham Microsoft chalked up a couple of government contract wins in the UK this week. But while Redmond touts total cost of ownership studies (TCO), an open source consultant says the numbers don #39;t add up. 
1	Red Sox sweep Cardinas to win first crown since 1918 The Boston Red Sox ended 86 years of futility and won their first crown of the World Series since 1918 on Wednesday when they defeated the St.
2	Labor Costs, Hurricane Hit Alcoa Profit Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and 
1	Unbeaten Cavaliers a big test for  #39;Noles TALLAHASSEE - Since Florida State joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1992, rarely have the Seminoles lined up without a decided advantage in talent over their conference opponent -t least until Miami showed up this year.
3	Broadband Pushes Europe Web Users to 100 Million More than half of Europe #39;s Internet surfers now have a high-speed broadband connection at home, which has helped to push the number of Web users in Europe through the 100 million mark, a survey found on Thursday.
2	TSMC #39;s Chang sees plummeting Q4 utilization, capex down in 05 In what may turn out to be an ominous sign of a short-lived recovery, foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. caught market watchers by surprise Tuesday with a grim 
0	Israel #39;s plans for West Bank grow Israel yesterday announced plans for 500 new housing units in the West Bank, just days after announcing plans to build another 1,000.
3	News.com Extra: Rules set for \$50 million space prize Plus: Putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi-tech gadgets.
3	Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas  quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there #39;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids.
2	LNR Property buyout marks third billion-dollar deal NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- With LNR Property #39;s acquisition by Cerberus Capital Management on Sunday marking the third billion-dollar buyout deal in as many months, investor appetite for the sector has sent Morgan Stanley #39;s index of real estate investment trusts 
2	Hurricane Damage to Hurt Allstate Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allstate Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ALL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  home and auto insurer, warned on Wednesday its third-quarter  profits would fall well short of expectations due to more than  \$1 billion in hurricane-related payouts.
3	Intel Outlines WiMax Plans for Upcoming Rosedale Chip  quot;High-speed DSL and cable broadband access are only available to a fraction of computer users globally, quot; said Scott Richardson, general manager of Intel #39;s Broadband Wireless Group.
3	Coming soon: HDTV -- on your cellphone NEW YORK - Texas Instruments Inc. expects to roll out cellphones capable of showing live high-definition television in the US by 2007, Chief Executive Rich Templeton said Thursday in an interview on CNBC.
0	Israel anxious to help moderate post-Arafat Palestinian leadership JERUSALEM, Nov 15 (AFP) - Israel is looking on anxiously at the unfolding struggle to fill the void left by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death, keen to assist moderate elements to ensure a peaceful transition of power.
3	At wireless conference, silly services rule reporter's notebook Concerned about coverage? It's a good thing you didn't go to CTIA; people there were busy playing "Swordfish."
3	Microsoft Issues Special Patch for IE Hole Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
0	Bones Found in Purported Mob Graveyard NEW YORK - Investigators found the remains of two people believed to be former Mafia captains at a vacant lot apparently used for years as a graveyard for people ordered killed by the late mob boss John Gotti and other gangsters, authorities said.    Searchers recovered bones and other tissue in a shoe, ribs, a partial jaw and teeth and two personal items that led investigators to believe they had the remains of Bonanno crime family captains Philip Giaccone and Dominick Trinchera, law enforcement officials familiar with the dig said Tuesday on condition of anonymity...
0	Flush With Victory, Crusader Against Same-Sex Marriage Thinks Big Phil Burress, a self-described former pornography addict, has become a Paul Revere for the movement against same-sex marriage.
1	Ravens' Running Back Lewis Pleads Not Guilty (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens star running\back Jamal Lewis was not in the court room for his arraignment\on Friday, but pleaded not guilty through his lawyers on drug\charges.
0	Call of the wild next summer for Dolce and Gabbana, Ferre (AFP) AFP - Dolce and Gabbana and Gianfranco Ferre both heard the call of the wild for next summer, filling their ready-to-wear collections shown here on Friday with real and fake animal skins from big cats to crocodile, python and kangaroo.
3	Tougher File-Trading Bill Moves Forward The US House of Representatives passed a bill this week that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who use file-swapping Web sites or networks.
1	Mississippian captures silver ATHENS, Greece - The Mississippian few thought would make the US Olympic team nearly won gold Monday in the 400 meters. Otis Harris of Edwards had the lead rounding the final turn of the one-lap sprint but 
0	NKorea accuses Japan of revising defense policy towards militarism North Korea on Sunday accused Japan of using anti-terrorism moves as an excuse for militarism which put the Korean peninsula at risk of invasion.
2	Kroger Is King Nation's leading supermarket operator posts 29 rise in third-quarter earnings, strong same-store sales.
1	Sosa fined \$87,400 for last-game bolt CHICAGO - Sammy Sosa #39;s agent said Thursday he likely will file a grievance after the Chicago Cubs star was fined \$87,400 - one day #39;s salary - for arriving late and leaving early at the season finale.
0	Cross-border terror to be focus of Indo-Pak talks New Delhi, Sept.2 (PTI): India will raise its concerns over cross-border terrorism with Pakistan at the upcoming ministerial talks here, External Affairs Minister K Natwar Singh said today.
1	Slugger may not be cuddly, but no denying greatness MILWAUKEE -- How many home runs does Barry Bonds have to hit to get beyond the lack-of-lovability issue? The correct answer is: It just doesn #39;t matter.
0	Syed Hamid: We are monitoring Darfur crisis KUALA LUMPUR: Foreign Minister Datuk Seri Syed Hamid Albar said Malaysia is closely monitoring the Darfur crisis and the United Nations (UN) Security Councils threat to impose sanctions on Sudans vital oil industry.
1	IOC Is Looking At Jones The IOC opened an investigation Tuesday into doping allegations against Marion Jones, who eventually could be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 Olympics.
2	1st Profit Forecast for Reynolds American (Reuters) Reuters - Reynolds American Inc. , parent\of the No. 2 U.S. cigarette company, on Wednesday forecast 2004\profit of  #36;5.75 to  #36;6.05 a share, its first forecast since the\company was formed at the end of July.
2	Japan Stocks Expected to Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares are expected to open  higher on Thursday, encouraged by solid gains in U.S. stocks  even as crude oil prices touched a record at over \$52 per  barrel.
2	Yukos executives leave Russia The company #39;s chief financial officer said he won #39;t return until he learns whether the government is planning charges against him.
0	Strike move in public pension row Unions consider strike calls over government plans to raise public sector workers' pension age.
2	Court Rejects Challenge to Do-Not-Call List  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let  stand a lower-court ruling that telemarketers' rights to free  speech are not violated by the government's nationwide  do-not-call list.
3	Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Suits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
2	Oil Dips But Near \$55 on Winter Anxiety  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Friday, but still  within sight of the \$55-mark as traders feared time was running  out to top up low heating oil supplies before winter.
1	Harland #39;s brave display Modern pentathlon was devised by the founder of the modern Games, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, as the ultimate test of the  quot;ideal, complete athlete quot;.
2	ABN AMRO Leads European Shares Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares opened firmer on  Thursday led by ABN AMRO as investors applauded the savings the  Dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
1	Differences Emerge The owners disagree with NFL Players Association Executive Director Gene \Upshaw about the league's future economic system says Commissioner Paul \Tagliabue.
0	Iran makes uranium breakthrough Iran has admitted processing several tonnes of raw  quot;yellowcake quot; uranium, a key stage in the development of weapons-grade nuclear material.
0	New finding in Ukraine poisoning Dutch experts who have been examining blood samples from Viktor Yushchenko, the Ukrainian opposition leader, disclosed yesterday that the politician has staggeringly high levels of dioxin in his blood, the second highest ever recorded.
1	NBA Wrap: Heat Tame Bobcats to Extend Winning Streak (Reuters) Reuters - Dwyane Wade poured in 26 points and\dished out nine assists as the Miami Heat scorched the\expansion Charlotte Bobcats 113-90 in NBA action on Saturday,\to extend their franchise record win streak to 14 games.
0	China's Ex-Party Chief Turns 85 Under House Arrest  BEIJING (Reuters) - Zhao Ziyang, toppled as China's  Communist Party chief for opposing the army crackdown on the  1989 Tiananmen Square protests, turned 85 on Sunday in poor  health and living his 15th year under house arrest.
0	EU's incoming antitrust chief says honorary degree won't affect view of Gates (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BRUSSELS (AP) - The European Union's incoming antitrust chief said Friday she thought Microsoft chairman Bill Gates was doing a "good job" when she awarded him an honorary degree eight years ago as head of a Dutch business school.
1	to Qwest Field. one-and-a-half games better than the defending NFC West champ Rams. St. Louis. home-and-homes in each of the last two seasons. In 2003, Seattle won the home.
3	Nintendo reacts to DS demand as orders, share price rise Company ramps up to increase production as demand for new handheld exceeds expectations.
3	Itsa miracle one would part with a talisman One of the first things we did after moving into our old house was to rip out the ancient radiators and put in a modern heating system.
0	Explosion reported outside Saudi bank JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia - Al-Arabiya TV on Saturday reported that an explosion took place outside the Saudi-American Bank in Red Sea city of Jiddah.
1	 #39;Canes have been magic against  #39;Noles So, I was thinking, maybe the University of Miami would want to change its nickname, and soon. I know, I know, this is not funny to anyone in the state of Florida.
1	No. 23 TCU Defeats Oklahoma 81-65 (AP) AP - Sandora Irvin had a career-high 32 points and 18 rebounds to lead No. 23 TCU to an 81-65 victory Thursday night over Oklahoma.
1	NBA finals preview? Wolves vs. Pistons Reigning league MVP Kevin Garnett has picked up where he left off last season for the Minnesota Timberwolves. The same cant be said for the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons.
3	Toshiba Wins Support for HD DVD from 4 Film Studios Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros. Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures 
3	IBM Sponsors Humanitarian Grid Computing Project BrianWCarver writes  quot;Reuters reports that IBM and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
0	21 Iraqi guardsmen were kille Around 200 fighters stormed a police station in Haditha, west of Baghdad, and another smaller station in the nearby village of Haqlaniya.
0	Darfur Aid Groups Fear Fresh Violence, Move Staff  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Aid agencies fearing an  upsurge of fighting in Sudan's troubled Darfur region have  suspended operations and evacuated staff from the volatile  Jebel Marra area in West Darfur state, U.N. officials said on  Friday.
0	Top British Official Resigns Amid Scandal A cabinet minister embroiled in the messy fallout of an affair with a married woman resigned Wednesday, his department said.
1	Sooners surprisingly sit third in BCS Standings Southern California and Miami are 1-2 in the initial BCS Standings with Oklahoma -- despite being ranked second in both the ESPN/USA Today and AP polls -- third.
1	Favre Leads Pack to Victory in 200th Straight Start For Brett Favre it was just another day at the office. In celebration of his record 200th straight start at quarterback, Favre threw three touchdown passes to help lead the Packers to a 45-17 win over the St.
3	Controversy Delays Net Song-Swap Bill in Senate A measure that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers said there was too much opposition.
3	Report On Video Games Parents heading out to buy holiday gifts, listen up. There #39;s a warning out Wednesday about extremely violent and explicit video games.
1	SONICS 79, NETS 68 In terms of their inability to score, the Nets are turning back the clock this season, which is not necessarily a good thing. Nor is it aesthetically pleasing.
1	USADA bans Jerome Young for life after second doping violation The decision by the US Anti-Doping Agency comes after the Fort Worth runner #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid. The former 400-meter world champion tested positive for the banned drug EPO at a meet in July.
3	Fly me to the moon  Titan that is Trina Ray admitted she was kind of a science geek back at Corvallis High School. But now, at 37, she #39;s getting the payoff for spending much of her teenage years in the lab.
1	Sore Foot Sidelines Grizzlies' Williams (AP) AP - Memphis Grizzlies point guard Jason Williams did not play against the Orlando Magic on Saturday night because of a sore right foot.
3	Microsoft Spam Suit Targets  #39;Bulletproof #39; Hosting Service Microsoft expanded the scope of its spam litigation with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company it has accused of catering to spammers.
1	Wolfmeyer acquitted in murder-for-hire plot CBC SPORTS ONLINE - A Missouri woman was acquitted of charges she helped NHL player Mike Dantion hire a hit man in a failed plot to kill his agent.
2	Air China raises \$1 billion in share offering HONG KONG Air China, the nation #39;s biggest international carrier, has raised 8.36 billion Hong Kong dollars, or \$1.08 billion, in an initial public offering after pricing its shares at the high end of a target range, bankers involved in the sale said 
0	Kerry Gives Money to Support Dem Races (AP) AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.
1	Manchester United v Middlesbrough Gareth Southgate fears another Boro backs-to-the-wall display on Sunday -whether Wayne Rooney lines up against them or not. After a battling performance against Czech champions Banik Ostrava on Thursday to 
2	Update 3: GE to Sell Stake in Global Outsourcing Unit General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two US-based equity firms for \$500 million.
1	Big Easy comes through on a tough day in Ireland Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he 
2	US Senate passes corporate tax bill The US Senate on Monday passed a corporate tax bill that would dole out 136 billion dollars in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies.
1	Week 7 preview: Unbeaten Patriots, Jets collide for AFC East lead The New England Patriots are finally getting what they say they #39;ve been craving - a game in which their record winning streak is secondary.
2	Oil Eases After Holiday, Wary of Winter (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices were slightly softer\on Monday after a four-day break, but the threat of a cold\winter stretching persistently low global heating oil\inventories kept the market within sight of  #36;50 a barrel.
2	Boeing Wins Order From Singapore, Fails to Sell 7E7 (Update1) Boeing Co, the world #39;s second-biggest maker of commercial aircraft, won a \$3.6 billion order for 18 planes from Singapore Airlines Ltd.
1	NCAA Game Summary - TCU at Kansas Kansas shot 37-of-66 for 56 percent...TCU turned the ball over 23 times and had only 11 assists...Chinweze exited the game with 10 points.
3	Researchers Find New Species of Bird (AP) AP - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested island of Calayan in the northern Philippines.
0	Anglicans in Africa Weigh Own Theology (AP) AP - African Anglican bishops said Monday that they were considering establishing a theology that conforms to the continent's culture, including prevailing beliefs against same-sex unions.
1	Hamstrung no longer MINNEAPOLIS -- Randy Moss caught a go-ahead touchdown pass in the third quarter, Kevin Williams returned Byron Leftwich's fumble 77 yards for the clinching score, and the Vikings beat the Jacksonville Jaguars, 27-16, yesterday. Trailing, 20-16, just before the 2-minute warning, with third and 6 at the Minnesota 19, Leftwich had Jacksonville in position to take the lead. But rookie ...
3	Wal-Mart does the notebook price limbo The retailer trots out a portable PC for less than \$600. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
2	T-W, Comcast in Pact on Cable Unit Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; and Comcast  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CMCSA.OQ&lt;/A&gt; on Monday agreed to a pact giving Comcast an  option to cut its stake in Time Warner's cable unit, opening  the door for Comcast to unwind the entire partnership.
3	Popularity of IPod Drives Up Apple Stock (AP) AP - Apple Computer Inc. stock jumped to a four-year high Monday after a major Wall Street firm nearly doubled its price target on the stock, saying that customer satisfaction with its iPod music player is creating "wildfire word-of-mouth marketing" for its Mac computers and other products.
1	Patient Describes Ankle Tendon Surgery BOSTON -- Curt Schilling #39;s injury is not common, but another man underwent the same surgery Tuesday. NewsCenter 5 #39;s Liz Brunner took an inside look at the procedure and what patients can expect afterward.
0	Kerry, Bush Both Headed to Midwest John Kerry on Friday prepared to deliver the first in a series of speeches that aides describe as his "closing arguments" in Milwaukee, the first stop of a daylong drive through Wisconsin. President Bush was also campaigning in the Midwest on Friday, heading to Iowa and Wisconsin after more than a weeklong swing that included stops in Missouri and Arizona for the last two debates...
3	Apple Strikes Back at RealPlayer (Article Central) Apple has quietly updated its iPod software to prevent songs purchased on RealNetworks #39; online music store from being played on some of its popular MP3 players.
1	Miller Gets First Downhill Loss of Season Bode Miller, of the United States, is airborne as he speeds past a gate on his way to capture fourth place in a men #39;s ski world cup downhill race at Val D #39;Isere, France, Saturday, Dec, 11, 2004.
3	Airbus tests in-flight mobile phones SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - European plane maker Airbus SAS said yesterday that it has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM 
0	The Black Widows' Revenge After the terror bombing of two airliners in Russia, the Kremlin tries to face up to a new Chechen tactic
0	British Military Begins Deployment in Iraq British Army soldiers from the 1st Battalion, Duke of Wellington Regiment, move toward the center of Basra, southern Iraq, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, during clashes with armed gunmen.
3	EPA Says Enforcement Shows Results The Environmental Protection Agency released an annual report on Monday that showed enforcement actions in the last fiscal year would eliminate a billion pounds of pollution from the nation #39;s air, land and water.
0	Dangerfield in Coma After Heart Surgery LOS ANGELES - Rodney Dangerfield has been in a coma for a couple of weeks after undergoing heart surgery, but has begun to show some awareness, his wife said Monday.    The 82-year-old comedian was stable and had been breathing on his own for 24 hours, Joan Dangerfield said in a statement released by the comic's publicist, Kevin Sasaki...
2	FASB Rules that Companies Must Expense Stock Options AccountingWEB.com - Dec-16-2004 - In a long-awaited and sure-to-be controversial move, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ruled yesterday that companies have to begin expensing for stock options given to employees as part of compensation packages.
3	EMC makes run for SMBs with Dantz buy EMC has made yet another software acquisition, picking up Dantz Development Corp. today for help in the backup market. Dantz is the 15th software maker EMC has picked up since 2000, along with big names such as VMware and Legato.
1	Transactions BASEBALL Atlanta (NL): Optioned P Roman Colon to Greenville (Southern); recalled OF Dewayne Wise from Richmond (IL). Boston (AL): Purchased C Sandy Martinez from Cleveland (AL) and assigned him to Pawtucket (IL). Cleveland (AL): Recalled OF Ryan Ludwick from Buffalo (IL). Chicago (NL): Acquired OF Ben Grieve from Milwaukee (NL) for player to be named and cash; acquired C Mike ...
2	Airbus gets 8 orders PARIS - Thai Airways has ordered six of Airbus #39; new 555-seater A380 jumbo jets and two smaller A340 wide-bodied jets, the European aircraft maker said Friday.
3	Mars laser will beam super-fast data A laser that can beam data from Mars to Earth at 10 times the rate of current radio links will be flown to the Red Planet in 2009, say NASA scientists.
1	Arsenal keeper Stack charged with rape Arsenal footballer Graham Stack was today charged with raping a 21-year-old girl at his home, Scotland Yard said. The 23-year-old goalkeeper, who is on loan at Millwall, was charged following the alleged rape 
1	Second doping test on Irish winner Waterford Crystal positive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A backup doping sample from the horse that won the show jumping gold medal at the Athens Olympics also was positive for a banned substance, the Irish rider #39;s lawyer said Tuesday.
3	PlaylistMag.com iTunes, iPod Web site launches (MacCentral) MacCentral - PlaylistMag.com launched this week as a resource for digital music enthusisasts using a Mac or Windows operating systems. Edited by Christopher Breen, a Macworld columnist and author of the popular book Secrets of the iPod, PlaylistMag.com will feature free music downloads, playlists from musicians and celebrities, and a community forum where users can share their tips, tricks and even their own playlists with other digital music fans.
0	Suicide attack kills 13 in Baghdad A suicide car bomber killed 13 people today next to the heavily fortified area in central Baghdad housing the interim government and US embassy, and eight US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
2	European Central Bank Leaves Rates Alone The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
1	MLB All-Stars beaten again in Japan Sapporo, Japan (Sports Network) - Daisuke Matsuzaka went the distance on a five-hitter to lead Japan to a 5-1 victory over the Major League Baseball All- Stars in the sixth of an eight-game exhibition series.
1	Champions Trophy 2004 Pakistan #39;s Mohammad Saqlain (centre) raises his arms to celebrate the first goal against India during the six-nation Champions Trophy Tournament match at the National Hockey Stadium in Lahore, on Wednesday.
2	J.C. Penney Posts Profit, Sales Strong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a quarterly operating  profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, on inventory controls  and strong sales of jeans, home furnishings and career clothes.
1	Megson rues missed chances West Brom manager Gary Megson was left to rue his side #39;s missed chances after the Baggies crashed out of the Carling Cup in extra time at Colchester.
3	Microsoft testing new application with some clients Microsoft yesterday introduced a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
0	Rumsfeld: Troops may exit Iraq within 4 years Kuwait City -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope Monday, but did not explicitly predict, that American troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush #39;s second term.
3	'Global titans': Expansion in China comes first Dow Jones Indexes finds large firms see Internet technology second only to growth in China when it comes to helping their business.\
3	TruSecure, Betrusted Merge To Form Cybertrust Cybertrust will combine identity management and PKI products from Betrusted, risk management and compliance services from TruSecure, and intrusion detection and prevention technology from Ubizen, a subsidiary of Betrusted.
2	WTO ruling on net gambling angers US The Bush administration dismissed as  quot;deeply flawed quot; a World Trade Organisation decision that the US has no right to ban cross-border gambling on the internet.
0	Baghdad Governor Assassinated; Bombing Kills 10 (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed the Baghdad governor in\Iraq's highest-profile assassination in eight months and a\suicide bomber killed 10 people near the Green Zone on Tuesday\in an escalating campaign to wreck a Jan. 30 election.
3	Still No Answers From Mars on Beagle 2 The British team that built the space probe for Europe #39;s doomed mission to Mars conceded Tuesday that any future ventures to the Red Planet should have better 
3	In Theaters Soon: 'My Winter Vacation' Video cameras with three charge-coupled devices, or C.C.D.'s, can produce broadcast-quality images unattainable with a single-C.C.D. model. A look at four cameras.
0	Global health suffering because of toilet taboo, hygiene experts say (AFP) AFP - Long-held silence over the taboo subject of toilets is taking its toll on global health and holding back developing countries, hygiene experts warned at a world toilet summit here.
1	Nuggets snag win this time The Nuggets and the Timberwolves, who exchanged words and cheap shots in a playoff series in April, met again Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.
1	Bad start, injuries can #39;t stop Liberty #39;s drive The New York Liberty has overcome injuries to key players, a coaching change and a switch in home arenas to reach the Eastern Conference finals with only nine active players.
2	S amp;P affirms rating on Pinault Printemps Redoute Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday affirmed its ratings on French retailer Pinault Printemps Redoute SA (PRTP.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) after the group entered exclusive talks to sell its Rexel(CDME.
2	U.S. Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The pace of hiring for U.S. companies  in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the  solid employment activity of the past six months, and much  improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAN.N&lt;/A&gt;.
0	My views coming back into fashion - Prince THE Prince of Wales has defended his  quot;old-fashioned views quot; after Education Secretary Charles Clarke angrily accused the heir to the throne of being out of touch.
2	Lazard in vital float meeting THE board of investment bank Lazard meets today to consider a float on Wall Street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports.
2	Nikkei Average Rises One Percent  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose one percent in  early Friday trade after Japanese GDP data, although weak,  confounded some players' fears of a contraction and drew buyers  back to brokers and tech shares.
0	Liberal culture under threat in Dutch religious and ethnic crisis The Dutch government yesterday moved to reverse a long tradition as Europe #39;s most liberal haven for immigrants by signalling tougher treatment of foreigners and Muslims and greater powers for the security services, in response to the Netherlands #39; worst 
1	Takeover Protesters Hold Up Manchester United Reserve Team Game Manchester United #39;s reserve team match against Birmingham yesterday was held up for three minutes when 30 protesters entered the field holding a Not for Sale #39; #39; banner, the English Premiership team said on its Web site.
3	Four Commit Suicide in Australia Child Porn Case (Reuters) Reuters - Four Australian men have committed\suicide after being caught up in an investigation into child\Internet pornography that has resulted in more than 200\arrested and charged for 2,000 offences, police said on\Saturday.
3	New Tech Front: Recording of Digital Broadcasts Technologies that let people record satellite and Internet radio broadcasts digitally are opening a new front in the recording industry's war on music piracy. This has given the music industry a new problem to worry about.
3	In Britain, no more hiding behind The Times LONDON For a newspaper nicknamed  quot;The Thunderer, quot; the move was disclosed sotto voce: The Times of London, for more than two centuries the confident voice of the English establishment, is going fully tabloid as of Monday, dropping a broadsheet version that 
3	Time Warner broadband suit advances Appeals court breathes new life into challenge of city law requiring homes, offices connect to municipal network.
0	US prudent on possible Japanese sanctions against North Korea (AFP) AFP - The United States backed Japan's efforts to resolve a dispute with North Korea over its abduction of Japanese nationals during the Cold War but stayed prudent about Tokyo's possible use of sanctions.
3	UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft Police said on Monday they have arrested a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco Systems (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) source code, the basic instructions for the machines that direct Internet traffic across the 
2	Oil Eases as Saudi Offers Big Discounts  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Monday as top world  exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its crude sales to the  United States and Europe in an effort to shift the large  volumes it is offering to cool world markets.
2	Get free of your stuff  If Alesia Latson had not gotten organized, she'd still be single. Latson hired organization coach Robin Blank to come into her home and help throw away clutter, arranging what remained into a neatly organized basement, pantry, and closets. The process was transforming, preparing her to fall in love and marry Brian Latson, after girlfriends signed her up for an online ...
1	Guerrero wins MVP honors in AL Vladimir Guerrero easily defeated his competitors on the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees yesterday to win the American League Most Valuable Player award.
1	At 3-0, Mora #39;s Falcons Get Tested Sunday The seven new head coaches hired around the league this past offseason included a Hall of Famer (Joe Gibbs), a two-time AFC championship game participant (Tom Coughlin) and a two-time NFC title-game entrant (Dennis Green).
0	EU must stoke growth, report says The European Union needs to take action if it is to meet its goal of outpacing the US economy by 2010, a report says. The document leaked to the Reuters news agency and due out later on Wednesday says that 
0	Phelps Adds New Olympic Triumph (Reuters) Reuters - American teen-ager Michael Phelps, one\of the superstars of the 2004 Athens Games, added a seventh\medal Friday night to his collection of Olympic keepsakes but\new doping scandals tarnished world sporting's greatest event.
2	Microsoft hopeful of settlement in EU case The California-based group has challenged the European Commissions finding from March that Microsoft abused its dominance of PC operating systems, but its top counsel said negotiations remained the preferred course.
3	Cheney Slip Sends Surfers to Wrong Site (AP) AP - All he wanted were the facts. But Dick Cheney ended up generating confusion_ and lots of it.
2	JB Oxford sued for improper trading The Securities and Exchange Commission has sued JB Oxford Holdings Inc., a small brokerage and clearing company, and three of its executives for allegedly 
3	Network Appliance, EMC refine security strategies Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
3	Stealth dino A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.
0	Al-Qaqaa Spokesman Says No Weapons Search (AP) AP - The first U.S. military unit to reach the Al-Qaqaa military installation after the fall of Baghdad did not have orders to search for the nearly 400 tons of explosives that are missing from the site, the unit spokesman said Tuesday.
1	My gawd, what if the Red Sox ever won? It took nearly 11 hours and 26 innings for the Red Sox to shed the humiliation of falling behind 3-0 in a best-of-seven ALCS via an unholy 19-8 shellacking, but shed it they did.
3	Chimps From Dutch Lab Face Housing Crisis (AP) AP - Dozens of chimpanzees from a Dutch laboratory face a housing crisis after plans for their early retirement on the Spanish coast collapsed because of residents' fears they would carry infectious diseases.
2	British Airways cancels about 1,000 Heathrow flights LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) has cancelled about 1,000 inbound and outbound flights from London #39;s Heathrow Airport over the next three months.
1	US stars eye home final The US Open plays host to two Russia v America clashes when the women #39;s semi-finals get underway on Friday. Fifth seed Lindsay Davenport, the highest-ranked player still in the tournament, takes on Russia #39;s ninth seed Svetlana Kuznetsova.
1	FEATURE-Splendid disregard for convention marked Miller Deep in thought, almost certainly unrelated to the task in hand, Keith Miller once led 12 men on to the field for New South Wales.
1	Late charge lifts Wellesley Seedings don't matter. At least that's what Wellesley field hockey coach Chris Molonea tried to convey to her players as they faced fourth-seeded Somerset yesterday in Division 1 South tournament action.
3	Scientists Seek Better Way to Measure Rain (AP) AP - Meteorologists at North Carolina State University are working on a way to more accurately measure rainfall in small areas.
1	Red Sox heading to the World Series The Boston Red Sox have won the American League Championship Series and are heading to the World Series for the first time since 1986.
0	Bomb found near Berlusconi villa POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair. 
1	Miami Heat Crush the Bulls 105-81 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal didn't dominate and didn't need to Friday night. Reserve Christian Laettner scored 23 points  #151; making 10 of 13 shots  #151; Eddie Jones added 21 and O'Neal 18 as the Miami Heat moved the ball around the floor, shot 50.6 percent and beat the Chicago Bulls 105-81.
2	Salvation Army Bell Ringers Welcomed Back To Mervyn #39;s MONTEREY, Calif. -- Salvation Army bell ringers will be back in time for the holidays, at least at one nationwide store chain that had banned them.
3	JT Juice for 11-6 As you #39;re reading this, the Cassini-Huygens space mission is settling into orbit around the planet Saturn. The capstone of the mission comes in January when the Huygens lander will seperate from the Cassini 
1	Athens Paralympics ends with China on top China turned out a great surprise in the 12-day-long 12th Paralympic Games which closed here on Tuesday, topping the gold medal tally with 63.
1	NBA Game Summary - Detroit at Dallas The Pistons snapped a three-game road losing streak in the series...Five of the last six meetings have been decided by 10 points or more...The Mavericks #39; 39 points in the first half is a season-low...Detroit improved to 4-7 on the road this season...Newly 
1	Sullivan Response Angers Players Dwight Yorkes former international team-mate Stern John has questioned Birmingham chief David Sullivans place in the game after his comments on footballs latest race row.
1	Ricky Williams ordered to repay Dolphins Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered Friday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million. The money was for incentives and a signing bonus, an arbitrator said.
0	Kissinger Criticized Subordinates Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in Chile and Argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
3	Cisco Invests \$12 Million in Japanese R amp;D Center Cisco #39;s Tokyo R amp;D center will focus on advanced Internet technologies such as IPv6, multicast, and wireless, in addition to improving existing security and quality-of-service (QoS) technologies.
2	Fidelity family deals probed Federal regulators are investigating whether traders at Fidelity Investments improperly steered business to their brothers who work for brokerage firms that execute trades for the mutual fund giant, according to attorneys and others involved in the case.
2	Krispy Kreme Posts Loss, Scraps Revenue Forecast (Update5) Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. posted a fiscal third-quarter loss of \$3 million on costs to close stores after same-store sales fell for the first time as a public company.
3	HP Rolls Out Ultra-Low Priced PC in China (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co. , the\world's number-two PC maker, said on Friday it has launched a\3,999 yuan ( #36;483) computer in China, turning up the heat in the\intensely competitive market.
1	Packers dominate both sides of the line Entering the inaugural Monday night outing of 2004, conventional wisdom was that the Green Bay Packers would need a supreme effort to come here and defeat the defending 
2	Delta stocks soar after optimism on talks A pay cut deal between Delta Air Lines and its pilots union didn #39;t materialize Tuesday, though investors apparently think the airline #39;s chances of sidestepping bankruptcy are improving.
0	Powell Not Interested in Political Office (AP) AP - As he prepares to end his tenure as secretary of state, Colin Powell is ruling out a run for political office.
1	Holtz Goes; Brawlers Won't Play On in Bowls South Carolina and Clemson said they would decline postseason bowl bids because of their brawl Saturday, and that means Lou Holtz has coached his final game.
2	Stocks Off as Employment Data Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Monday, reversing an  early rally, after disappointing U.S. employment data rekindled  investor worries about weak economic growth and lackluster  corporate profits.
1	Plucky tail can #39;t save Kiwis Australia finished off a clinical 213-run win over New Zealand just after lunch Tuesday on the fifth day of the second cricket test to secure a series sweep.
3	Microsoft signs \$920m NHS software deal Microsoft Corp has signed a new 500m pound (\$920m) contract to supply a desktop operating system and software to the UK #39;s National Health Service, including provisions to develop a tailored interface for clinical systems.
3	Symbol unveils new  #39;durable #39; handheld device Symbol Technologies has brought out a durable device designed for mobile workers who dont need a fully ruggedised unit. The MC50 is equipped with integrated wireless Wi-Fi and data-capture options, including 
2	Dollar Rises After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Friday, after a  U.S. report showed consumer prices in line with expections,  reminding investors that the Federal Reserve was likely to  continue raising interest rates, analysts said.
1	Priest Who Disrupted Olympics in Abuse Trial  LONDON (Reuters) - A former Irish priest famous for stunts  that disrupted the marathon at the Athens Olympics and  Britain's Grand Prix denied charges on Wednesday of indecency  with a schoolgirl.
3	Can Math Help in Terror War? A group of mathematicians look at how order theory might help in the war on terror. The branch of abstract math resembles classic military strategy but applying computers to problems might increase accuracy of predictions and strategic moves.
2	Techs, Miners Help Tokyo Market Advance  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.3 percent by midday  on Tuesday as another jump in U.S. technology shares fueled  buying of local peers such as Tokyo Electron Ltd., while  earnings optimism again buoyed some miners.
3	Md. Studies Introducing Nonnative Oysters (AP) AP - On a damp, gray weekday morning on the Patuxent River, Harry Huseman is working hard for a few oysters.
1	Pudge, Guillen injured in loss Playing the Minnesota Twins can be a painful process. On Saturday night, however, it literally was for the Tigers. Not only did they lose the game, 3-2, but two star players as well.
1	Threat Clears Stadium A bomb threat forces the evacuation of a Madrid soccer stadium on Sunday night during a game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
1	NFL: Minnesota 20, Tennessee 3 Daunte Culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes, one for a touchdown, as the Minnesota Vikings topped the Tennessee Titans 20-3 Sunday.
0	Yukos cuts 2004 oil production forecast (AFP) AFP - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos cut its 2004 oil production target from 90 million tonnes to 86 million tonnes, saying its inability to access its frozen accounts had forced the firm to reduce operating costs.
0	UN repeats plea for hostage release in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The United Nations has reiterated a plea for the safe release of three UN workers taken hostage by alleged Islamic militants, as the crisis dragged into its third week with little known about the hostages' fate.
0	Bush Attacks Kerry on National Security COLUMBUS, Ohio - President Bush on Saturday ridiculed what he called the "Kerry doctrine" as a dangerous outsourcing of America's security, seeking to poke a hole in Sen. John Kerry's debate performance with what advisers see as his rival's biggest miscue...
0	France expels more students over hijab French schools have expelled three more students for flouting the controversial ban on Islamic headscarves. The latest expulsions brought to five the total number of girls so far expelled under the new secularity 
3	Redmond Aims, Fires at Spammers #39; Accomplices Microsoft (Quote, Chart) fired another shot in its war on spam with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company that claimed to help spammers avoid being shut down.
3	SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will pay  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; at least \$400 million over 10 years  for technology to help SBC sell video services over its  upgraded broadband lines, the companies said Wednesday.
1	Auburn Slips Back to No. 3 Behind Sooners (AP) AP - Oklahoma is the only No. 2. After a week of sharing the No. 2 ranking with Auburn, Oklahoma edged ahead of the Tigers in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday.
1	Ex-Hornets Executive Sentenced for Fraud (AP) AP - Spencer Stolpen, former president of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets, was sentenced to 15 months in prison Monday for scheming to defraud banks to pay off his mounting debts.
3	Intel Keeps Its Eye on the Internet In a future with millions of users and devices taxing the Net, Intel-based servers will help out.
3	Video games turn sharply to violence This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery, shoot police officers and ogle topless women.
0	Security Measures Failed to Spot Protesters A multi-million pound security operation today failed to prevent dramatic protests marring Tony Blairs Labour conference speech.
2	Sears Posts  #36;61 Million Loss in 3Q (AP) AP - Sears, Roebuck and Co. posted a  #36;61 million loss in the third quarter and lowered its estimate for full-year earnings as its tailspin continues. The giant retailer's stock fell sharply Thursday.
3	Mad Math: Bending Time With 'Primer' Director Shane Carruth, the director of "Primer," compares his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of math.
0	Nepal Gives Rebels Until January for Peace Talks Nepal will push ahead with planned elections if Maoist rebels do not respond by Jan. 13 to a government offer for peace talks to end a bloody revolt, Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said on Thursday.
0	Saudi Militants Switch from Suicide to Hit-And-Run  RIYADH (Reuters) - After a series of spectacular suicide  attacks, militants in Saudi Arabia are now launching isolated  hit-and-run shootings of Westerners, posing fresh problems for  security forces in the world's main oil exporter.
3	Locust crisis 'could get worse' The locust crisis that has devastated crops across West Africa may be even worse next year, experts warn.
2	Xstrata threatens to pull offer Xstrata yesterday threatened to withdraw its hostile 2.9 billion takeover offer for WMC if the Australian miner indicated it would dilute value by paying out up to A\$1 billion in cash to shareholders.
2	Blumenthal to testify before Congress about insurance laws (Hartford-AP, Nov. 15, 2004 10:20 PM) _ Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is heading to Washington tomorrow and says he plans to tell Congress to stay out of the insurance brokerage industry.
0	Tennis: Johansson stuns Roddick Sweden's Joachim Johansson beats defending champion Andy Roddick in five sets.
0	UN Investigating Reports of Rwandan Violations in Congo The UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo is investigating reports that Rwandan soldiers were responsible for violations of human rights in the east of the country last month.
3	Systems  #39;Go #39; in Utah Helicopter Snag of NASA Probe Two Hollywood stunt pilots and a space capsule full of stardust were on track for a historic mid-air encounter above the Utah desert on Wednesday at the end of 
0	Kenya Pushes for Ban on Hunting Lions (AP) AP - Kenya is pushing for an international ban on trade in lion trophies and skins, arguing that the number of the animals has declined sharply over the years as a result of hunting, loss of habitat and lack of prey.
0	'Afghanistan needs security help' UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says Afghanistan needs help with security to ensure its presidential elections are successful.  
2	Abbott Seeks Foothold in Stent Business  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Abbott Laboratories Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ABT.N&lt;/A&gt; is  betting \$1 billion in deals and the start of a new clinical  trial will finally get Wall Street to focus on its  cardiovascular device business.
2	CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said it  will cease operating by mid-December, after fighting a losing  battle against the far larger rival CNBC.
0	Iraq #39;s prime minister vows to stick to election timetable despite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister declared Sunday that January elections would be held on schedule and asserted that American and Iraqi government troops were winning the war against an increasingly bold insurgency.
2	Lavish times in oil patch? Not a chance Dude, where #39;s my boom? That #39;s a question a lot of Hous- tonians are asking as oil crowds the \$50-a-barrel mark. Where #39;s the frenetic hiring as oil companies staff up for the good times?
0	New York Times, three other US dailies endorse Kerry for president (AFP) AFP - The New York Times endorsed John Kerry for president, becoming the first major US daily to announce its presidential preference, and was joined by small papers in the swing states of Ohio and Minnesota in backing the Democratic senator.
3	JFK Internet Game Assailed JFK Reloaded, after all, is an online game that deals with the John F. Kennedy assassination and was made available yesterday -- the 41st anniversary of the president #39;s death.
2	India offers to supply diesel to Pak Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Monday met Petroleum Minister Mani Shankar Aiyar to discuss areas of bilateral cooperation in the energy sector.
3	Women Not as Faithful as Gorillas Male chimpanzees have evolved huge testicles and sperm counts for their body size. Among gorillas, females mate only with a dominant male, and accordingly, gorillas #39; testicles are tiny.
1	Sunday, September 12, 2004 Questions Answered Heading into the first game of a new season, every team has question marks. But in 2004, the Denver Broncos seemed to have more than normal.
2	Alcan #39;s Q3 results lifted by Pechiney NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Alcan Inc. rose 3 percent Thursday, drawing support from the Canadian metals giant #39;s third-quarter results in which profit nearly doubled due to strong industry fundamentals and contributions from its Pechiney unit.
1	 #39;Dogs bite Wildcats Move over, David Carr and the 2001 Fresno State gang of lore. This year #39;s team is quickly making its own mark in the college football world.
2	D.C. Hotels Seek New Talks, File Complaint As a strike that could cripple the District's hospitality industry looms, employers offered to resume bargaining next week but also alleged to the NLRB that the union has not negotiated in good faith.
1	Marlins Beat Brewers 5-3 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Luis Castillo tied the score with a ninth-inning single, and pinch-hitter Damion Easley hit a two-run double in the 10th inning that led the Florida Marlins over the Milwaukee Brewers 5-3 Sunday.
1	Racism: FIFA should hit Spain hard It seems that England simply cannot escape controversy. But on Wednesday night in Madrid it was their opponents, rather than themselves, that were dragged through the mire as racist chants directed at England 
2	Is Netflix Doomed? A Netflix mailer may be black and white and red all over, but that's not the only punch line.
2	OECD Says Oil Prices and Inflation Not Hurting Industrial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A leading economic think-tank sees a strong recovery in the second half of the year for major industrial economies, in spite of high oil prices, and says inflation is not yet a concern.
3	New Windows XP update  #39;huge #39; If Microsoft Corp. possessed the panache of Apple Computer Inc., it would have named the new Windows XP operating system release after a fabulous feline, as in Jaguar or 
2	Seven shares dive on downgrade SHARES in TV station the Seven Network Ltd dived more than 8 per cent this morning after it downgraded its earnings forecasts for the half and full year because of disappointing ratings.
2	Freddie Mac Announces Changes in Division Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company's internal controls after an accounting scandal.
3	AOL releases Netscape update Netscape Communications upgraded its namesake browser on Tuesday to version 7.2, a rare sign of life at America Online #39;s moribund browser division. 
3	Postal Service seals big SAP deal Enterprise software maker gets stamp of approval to replace letter carrier's 700,000-employee human resources system.
3	Leaked memos link spammers to ISP Savvis Internal e-mail messages from Savvis Communications Corp. have surfaced on the Internet that show that the St. Louis-based ISP (Internet service provider) catered to online e-mail marketing companies it suspected of sending out unsolicited commercial ("spam") e-mail, even using "subversive business methods" to help spammers stay online after their Internet address was blacklisted.
1	Oklahoma #39;s mastery of Texas borders on ridiculous DALLAS -- Oklahoma #39;s dominance of Texas is reaching infomercial status. Less annoying, maybe, but more effective. It has become a rite of fall.
1	Rev It Up: Darlington In effect, that means seventh-place Ryan Newman could take the points lead at Darlington, mathematically at least. It would take major problems by most of those in front of him, but 
2	Murdoch #39;s remarks on buyouts, clients boost BSkyB Shares in UK pay-TV company BSkyB (BSY.L: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on hopes of a buyout on Wednesday after media mogul Rupert Murdoch spoke of buying out minorities in his News Corp.
0	Ivorian president fires army chief Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has fired his army chief of staff, Gen Mathias Doue, the BBC reported Saturday. Gbagbo hired Col Philipe Mangou, the field commander 
3	Hewlett-Packard takes a new approach to software The company extends a deal with open-source Java software maker JBoss in an effort to compete with IBM.
0	Ex-Member of Kerry Legal Team Arraigned (AP) AP - A former member of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry's legal team pleaded innocent Tuesday to a charge of soliciting a prostitute.
1	Tall lefty was second-round pick of Cubs in 2002 Allard Baird would have liked to leave the 2004 Winter Meetings with a little more than the potential for trades in the rearview mirror.
1	Nuggets 93, Rockets 88 DerMarr Johnson scored all eight of his points in the final two minutes, helping the Denver Nuggets rally for a 93-88 victory over the Houston Rockets on Thursday night in the final preseason game for both teams.
3	Massachusetts settles its first antispam case A Florida man and his company will pay a \$25,000 fine to settle a spam lawsuit brought in Massachusetts in the first use by a state of the federal CAN-SPAM Act.
1	Ghostzapper survives dogfight Ghostzapper may have shown as much winning Saturday #39;s Grade 1, \$500,000 Woodward by a neck than he did winning previous stakes by open lengths.
2	Martha Stewart #39;s lawyers say prosecutors  #39;unfair #39; NEW YORK - Martha Stewart #39;s lawyers want the home decorating icon #39;s conviction overturned, saying her trial was  quot;unfair quot; because prosecutors failed to make sure the jury understood she was not charged with insider trading.
0	New claim on location of Atlantis US researchers claim to have found evidence locating the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus.
2	Hutchison Telecom Shares Fall in Hong Kong Debut (Update3) Hutchison Telecommunications International Ltd., controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka- shing, fell on its share-trading debut today on concern it won #39;t pay a dividend because expansion costs will reduce profits.
3	Hearing clue to whale evolution The evolution of whales from four-legged land dwellers into streamlined swimmers has been traced in fossilised ears, Nature reports.
0	Paraguay Clashes Leave 1 Dead, 20 Hurt Clashes between landless farmworkers and Paraguayan security forces left a police officer dead and 20 other people injured in a resurgence of violence that has rattled Paraguay's government.
0	Hostage Crises Rivet Britain And Italy, But No Solutions In Sight Britain is ruling out negotiations with the captors of Kenneth Bigley, the only surviving member of the trio of American and British contractors taken hostage in Iraq last week.
2	EDS:US Airways Bankruptcy to Cut Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EDS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said the bankruptcy of US Airways Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OQ&lt;/A&gt; could sharply reduce its third-quarter earnings  because of a long-term information technology contract between  the companies.
1	Orange Guard Edelin Returns to Practice (AP) AP - Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin returned to the team on Sunday for the first time in nine months.
3	Samsung Electronics claims world-first 5-megapixel camera phone SEOUL, Oct 19, 2004 (AFX-Asia via COMTEX) -- SEOUL (AFX) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said it has developed what it claims to be the world #39;s first mobile phone equipped with a 5-megapixel camera.
0	Woman believed to be 1st to walk around Australia strides back to hometown (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) - A 36-year-old businesswoman was believed to be the first woman to walk around Australia on Friday after striding into her hometown of Melbourne to complete her 16,700-kilometre trek in 365 days.
2	Noble Group Ltd. Reports Rise in 3Q Profit Commodities trader Noble Group Ltd. on Monday reported a more than six-fold rise in third-quarter net profit due to strong demand from China.
0	Kidnappings backfire on Iraq militants The kidnapping of French journalists has sparked anger across a broad spectrum of the Muslim world.
1	Pacers' Bender Out Indefinitely with Knee Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward\Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically\injured left knee.
1	AL Wrap: Lieber Dominates as Yankees Thump Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Leiber carried a no-hitter into  the seventh inning while Alex Rodriguez homered, scored three  runs and drove in three more to lead the New York Yankees to a  14-4 win over the Boston Red Sox Saturday.
1	Ben Wallace Back in Pistons Lineup (AP) AP - Ben Wallace's return to the Detroit Pistons' lineup was far less eventful than his last appearance for the defending NBA champions.
1	NFL Wrap: McNabb Sparkles for Eagles, Manning Delights Colts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Philadelphia Eagles thumped the  Detroit Lions 30-13 Sunday in a clash of two previously  unbeaten teams.
1	Edmonton Oilers captain Jason Smith resigns with team on the eve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; EDMONTON (CP) - Edmonton Oilers captain Jason Smith signed a four-year deal with the team Wednesday, on the eve of an NHL lockout.
1	Mistakes keep surfacing for Dolphins FOXBOROUGH -- It is highly unlikely the winless Miami Dolphins' season will conclude as an inverse of the undefeated 1972 team. To go 0-16 is as difficult as finishing 17-0. But this season's edition is well on its way to becoming one of the most futile in Miami's stellar history.
3	Major graphics flaw threatens Windows PCs Microsoft published on Tuesday a patch for a major security flaw in its software #39;s handling of the JPEG graphics format and urged customers to use a new tool to locate the many applications that are vulnerable.
3	Microsoft, Swatch offer thinner wireless watches Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
1	Basketball hall of fame adds Kansas standout Lynette Woodard will be inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame 8 pm tonight in Springfield, Mass. Woodard, a four-time University of Kansas All-American and former assistant coach, played at the University 1978 to 1981.
3	Creative out to cut iPod lead Computer audio equipment maker Creative Technology will be doubling its MP3 player product lines from its current eight by year-end, stepping up competition for rivals such as Apple Computer.
3	Update 3: Yahoo Buying Musicmatch for \$160 Million Yahoo Inc. is buying online jukebox provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in a deal designed to broaden the Internet giant #39;s appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the Web.
3	Microsoft Commits to 2006 Target for Next Windows The next version of the Windows operating system, Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) flagship product, will ship in 2006, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Friday.
0	Diplomat, Parma Native, Killed In Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Officials said a US diplomat originally from Ohio was killed Sunday morning when a rebel #39;s rocket or mortar shell crashed into the trailer where he slept.
2	SEI Investments beats Q3 target by 6 cents per share NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- SEI Investments (SEIC) on Tuesday reported third-quarter net income of \$45.4 million, or 43 cents per share, up from \$35.
0	Deadline Set for Hostages in Afghanistan Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
3	459 sued for file-sharing in Europe, 28 in the UK The European music industry today announced a major crackdown against file-sharing, the practice of sharing copyrighted songs over the internet using networks like Kazaa, with the filing of 459 suits against file-swappers, 28 of whom are British.
1	Rooney requests Everton transfer The striker is currently at the centre of a bidding war between Manchester United and Newcastle, after scoring four goals for England in Euro 2004.
2	Munich Re Lowers Earnings Target on Hurricane Claims (Update4) Munich Re, the world #39;s largest reinsurer, lowered its target for 2004 earnings after the worst storm season in more than a century led to 550 million euros (\$714 million) of damage claims.
2	Johnson   Johnson Profit Up on Drug Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified health-care company\Johnson   Johnson  on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
0	TOXIC LAB DISCOVERED AS ZARQAWI PAL NABBED A close aide of terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured yesterday - as Iraqi troops discovered a laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins.
1	The Rockies Waste No Time Taking Action on Neagle While the Yankees tear out their hair trying to decide what to do about Jason Giambi, the Rockies fired Denny Neagle, who was arrested for soliciting a woman for prostitution.
1	Police investigate Diouf incident Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf is under police investigation for spitting at a child fan. Cleveland police said they were investigating an incident towards the end of Bolton #39;s 
3	Microsoft pays dearly for insults through ignorance INSENSITIVE computer programmers with little knowledge of geography have cost the giant Microsoft company hundreds of millions of dollars in lost business and led hapless company employees to be arrested by offended governments.
3	Earnings alert: SCO to cap legal expenses Plus: Novell sees weakness in IT spending...Salesforce reports rise in profit...Nortel to lay off 3,500...Intuit posts loss while revenue rises.
2	ABN Amro Profit Rises, Buoyed by Sale of Asia Stake (Update4) ABN Amro Holding NV, the largest Dutch bank, said profit rose 26 percent in the third quarter, buoyed by a gain from selling its stake in Bank of Asia Pcl.
2	EU in push to reduce red tape The European Union has launched a new drive to reduce its regulatory burden on companies, in a bid to tackle one of the most frequent complaints made by business.
0	Nationalists lead in Bosnia elections Bosnia #39;s main Muslim, Serb and Croat nationalist parties have been leading in an early count for local polls. Incomplete results released by the election organisers on Sunday indicated a strong backing for 
0	Haiti court acquits rebel leader A court acquits ex-paramilitary leader Jodel Chamblain of murder in a trial criticised by human rights activists.
2	Cable Internet case goes to Supreme Court The US Supreme Court will decide whether cable operators that provide high-speed Internet connections, like Time Warner Inc., should be required to open their networks to other Internet service providers.
3	What If Supercomputers Ruled The Ever since computer giant IBM announced earlier this week that they had developed the world #39;s fastest computer, the whole nation seems to be abuzz about supercomputers.
3	Germany #39;s Lufthansa to boost flights to Asia BERLIN : German flag carrier Lufthansa plans to boost by 50 percent its flights to China by 2007, company chairman Wolfgang Mayrhuber said.
0	Twelve Palestinians killed as Israeli parliament to debate Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY : Twelve Palestinians, including a child, were killed in a major army operation in the Gaza Strip as the Israeli parliament prepared to debate a controversial plan to pull out from the territory it has occupied for almost 40 years.
0	Palestinian Minister to Israel: We Want Peace  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian cabinet  minister told Israel on Friday "we want peace" and urged the  Jewish state to pull back troops from Palestinian cities to  assist elections after Yasser Arafat's death.
2	UPDATE 1-Ottawa to sell off Petro-Canada stake The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in oil producer and refiner Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) in a public offering, the company said on Thursday.
2	Viacom Posts Third-Quarter Net Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as a result of charges  from discontinued operations and a writedown of its assets, but  revenue rose on advertising sales growth at MTV and Nickelodeon  cable networks and the CBS television network.
2	Sick Florida smokers ask top court to restore \$145 billion damage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sick Florida smokers yesterday urged Florida #39;s highest court to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion class-action award, the largest ever by a US jury.
3	Music industry warms to downloads The Japanese music industry is making its first steps into the download business, but it has a long way to go before it hits its stride.
0	Ten Israeli Casualties in Gaza -Military Sources  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian bomb attack caused 10  casualties at an Israeli army post along the Gaza Strip-Egypt  border on Sunday, military sources said.
1	Hughes picks up where he left off at Masters Play has begun in the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne with around half the field of 120 players completing their first rounds.
0	Hunt for Jakarta bombers converges on W. Java JAKARTA - Several  #39;quick-action #39; police teams have converged on Indonesia #39;s West Java region to hunt down the top two masterminds of the recent Jakarta blast.
0	Japanese Financial Markets Closed (AP) AP - Japan's financial markets were closed Tuesday for a national holiday. Markets will reopen on Wednesday.
1	Astros Killer B's Running Out of Chances (AP) AP - The Killer B's are back to try again, facing a familiar nemesis. Who knows? This might be the last chance for Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell to show they can come through when it matters most.
0	At least 90 dead, 77 missing in China rainstorms BEIJING : At least 90 people were killed and 77 were missing in torrential storms lashing southwest China, disaster relief officials said.
3	LiveWire: Advertisers Play with Web Films  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot.
0	Palestinian killed in car blast as Israeli forces take control of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car exploded Wednesday in the occupied West Bank, killing the Palestinian driver. The car exploded about 200 metres from an Israeli occupation military checkpoint, not far from the nortern West Bank village of Baqa al Sharqia.
3	Buying organic 'gives you boost' Simply making the choice to buy organic food can induce a sense of well-being, according to research.
3	Intel TV Chip Is Delayed Intel said it will delay its highly anticipated television chips, based on Liquid Crystal on Silicon, or LCOS, technology, which promises to deliver large screen TVs at a price point half of what they cost today. The chipmaker said the ...
0	Arafat #39;s nephew says he died  #39;unnatural death, #39; backing poisoning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The late Palestinian president Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew said Saturday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement expected to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already 
1	NHL players #39; new offer includes 24 salary cut The NHL Players #39; Association is offering to cut player salaries by 24 per cent in a bid to end the lockout, but is not offering the salary cap the league has said it wants.
1	The Premiership: Robben #39;s rhapsody in blue Jose Mourinho sounded his most magnanimous as Chelsea opened a two-point lead at the top of the Premiership.  quot;I don #39;t want the credit when I don #39;t deserve it, quot; the west London club #39;s Portuguese 
0	CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced...
3	Scientists Search for War Remnants in Ga. (AP) AP - Dragging radar equipment behind a farm tractor, scientists Thursday scanned an old rail yard for buried artifacts from Savannah's bloody Revolutionary War battle in 1779.
0	Alaska Judge Orders Ballots Reprinted ANCHORAGE, Alaska - A Superior Court judge on Wednesday ordered the state to rewrite, reprint and redistribute all its ballots for the Nov. 2 election, saying the wording of a ballot initiative was inaccurate and biased...
2	Asset Sales Seen of Limited Use to US Air  CHICAGO (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  desperately trying to slash costs in bankruptcy to ensure  survival, may not be able to find much relief through a  potential sale of its assets, analysts said on Tuesday.
3	Older People Turn to Internet to Find Love (AP) AP - Sensuous, intellectual woman, 5'3, adventurous, pretty and open, seeks a life partner who is sexy, highly intelligent and cheerful. How old is this woman? In her early 60s. That's the profile Mary Bellis Waller, now 64, posted on two Internet dating sites during her search for a companion. Waller was a pioneer of online dating among people her age, and thousands of others age 60 and older are also turning to the Internet to find romance.
2	BT Planning \$1 Billion Acquisition of Infonet Services BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned US\$1 billion acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecom service provider.
0	Sudan Questions WHO Darfur Deaths Figures  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Saturday questioned U.N.  estimates that up to 70,000 people have died from hunger and  disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20  months ago.
2	Interim Chief at Enron Asks for \$25 Million Enron Corp.'s interim chief executive has asked a federal bankruptcy judge to award his firm a \$25 million "success fee" for stabilizing the fallen  energy giant.
2	Ohio sues Best Buy, alleges deceptive sales practices Best Buy Co., the biggest electronics retailer in the nation, was sued yesterday by Ohio #39;s attorney general, who accused the company of deceptive sales practices such as repackaging used merchandise and selling it as new. 
0	Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.
2	Oracle to Acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion, Ending Bitter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Oracle Corporation announced early yesterday that it would acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 billion, ending a bitter takeover fight that had lasted more than 18 months.
0	Volkswagen Negotiators Renew Wage Talks (AP) AP - Negotiators for Volkswagen and its unionized employees began a third round of crucial wage talks in Hanover on Tuesday, with the company pressing its demand for a wage freeze and the union seeking job guarantees and a wage increase of 4 percent annually.
1	New contract guarantees Tedford \$1.5M The bad news of Sunday at California will turn into good news Monday when the university announces that Golden Bear coach Jeff Tedford has agreed to a new five-year contract, a Pacific-10 Conference source said.
1	Hewitt wins Washington Open Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the \$US500,000 (\$A692,377) Washington Open.
1	Peterson lost for season with torn Achilles #39; tendon Julian Peterson, the 49ers #39; All-Pro linebacker, will miss the rest of the season after tearing his left Achilles #39; tendon late in the first quarter of San Francisco #39;s win over Arizona on Sunday.
1	F1: Button has his sights on victory Jenson Button set himself a target of winning the final race of the season after again falling just short in yesterday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
1	Expectations Low for Georgia Basketball (AP) AP - Georgia is likely to have a dismal season on the basketball court.
1	Prime-time Eagles They opened their season Sept. 2 in the smallest of markets in Muncie, Ind., lucky to escape Ball State's lyric little bandbox with a 19-11 victory and luckier still that the game was not televised and broadcast back home to Boston.
2	EC trims eurozone growth figures for 2005 RECORD oil prices are likely to depress growth in the 12-nation eurozone next year, the European Commission warned yesterday as crude stayed close to the all-time highs it hit on Monday.
0	iTunes expands into nine more European countries (MacCentral) MacCentral - Shortly before Apple's special music event on Tuesday featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, the iTunes Music Store was updated with links to allow residents of nine new countries to buy music online. In addition to the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany, iTunes now supports Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.
3	NTT DoCoMo Launches Wi-Fi 3G Cell Phone (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Japan's NTT DoCoMo (NYSE: DCM) has launched a Wi-Fi/cellular phone that telecom industry analysts say is the first of its kind.
0	Ethnic Peace May Be in Jeopardy in Myanmar (AP) AP - One of the few unchallenged accomplishments of Myanmar's military junta  #151; securing peace with the country's armed ethnic rebel groups  #151; may be in jeopardy after Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt lost his job this week.
0	Taiwan opposition demands evidence on Chen's "soft coup" allegations (AFP) AFP - Taiwan opposition leaders have demanded President Chen Shui-bian provide evidence for his repeated allegations that military generals had plotted a "soft coup" in collaboration with rival China to cripple his government.
2	ANZ boosts profit to record \$2.81b THE Australia and New Zealand Banking Group announced a record increase in full-year profit of almost 20 per cent yesterday. ANZ, the smallest of Australia #39;s big four banks, generated after-tax profit of \$2.
3	3Com lowers revenue forecast One analyst complains that the gear maker is in a "perpetual state of transition, constantly trying to identify where it can execute."
1	No more Bangalores, please Did India goof their lines by staging the Test series opener at Bangalore? There are very good reasons to believe so, among them being the not so insignificant one that we ended up losers by 217 runs.
2	Canadian police search Imperial Tobacco offices Police have searched the Montreal headquarters of Imperial Tobacco Canada as part of an investigation into cigarette smuggling in the 1990s, the company says.
0	Minister: Rwandan Soldiers Have Entered Congo The Democratic Republic of Congo #39;s Minister for Regional Cooperation says Rwandan soldiers have entered Congo and attacked three villages in eastern Congo.
3	Nintendo Says 'Touching Is Good' in Sexed-Up DS Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; is sexing up its U.S. advertising to launch the DS  handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is  not their little brother's Game Boy.
2	US existing home sales slip in July, pace still robust WASHINGTON : US existing home sales tumbled 2.9 percent in July but the pace was still the third-fastest on record, boosted by cheap mortgages, an industry survey showed.
0	Egypt pursues suspects over deadly Sinai bombings (AFP) AFP - Egyptian investigators into car bombings at resorts on Egypt's Sinai peninsula which killed at least 30 people said that they had identified a number of suspects, as rescuers continued to sift through the rubble.
2	Google Could Make Market Debut Wednesday  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on the Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's  No. 1 search engine asked regulators for final approval to  price its closely watched initial public offering.
1	Dodgers 7, Braves 4 Los Angeles, Ca. -- Shawn Green belted a grand slam and a solo homer as Los Angeles beat Mike Hampton and the Atlanta Braves 7-to-4 Saturday afternoon.
3	HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch Signs deal to resell cluster-related switches that employ the high-speed networking technology.
3	Poachers leave bonobo at risk Humankind's closest relative is facing extinction in the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo.
0	I helped free hostages, says ex-BBC cameraman A Kabul-based British hotelier and former BBC cameraman says that he acted as a go-between when a 830,000 ransom was offered to secure the release of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.
2	Fluctuating Oil Prices Force Consumers to Place Bets All around the country, people like Jennie McCann are making bets on where global oil prices might be headed this winter. But Mrs.
2	Royal  amp; Sun Alliance to axe 1,100 jobs in cost-cutting move to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) is set to send over 1,000 jobs to India to cut costs and offer the company greater operational flexibility.
0	Brazil's Biggest Party Votes to Leave Government &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Tiago Pariz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's biggest party votedto leave the governing coalition on Sunday in a move that couldcomplicate President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's reform agendaand pressure him to give the centrist party extra governmentposts.&lt;/p&gt;
3	Shampooing to Stop Oil Spill Bird Deaths Oil spills cause more than half a million water birds to die each year, according to conservationists. Rescue workers offer some birds a chance at survival.
0	At least 35 die in Egyptian blasts A SERIES of explosions ripped through three Egyptian holiday resorts popular with Israelis last night, leaving at least 35 people dead and 160 more injured.
0	Karzai urges neighbours to stop militants crossing borders (AFP) AFP - President Hamid Karzai has called on neighbouring countries to prevent militants crossing into Afghanistan through poorly monitored borders and cooperate in the "fight against terror."
0	Witness says suspect was close to hijackers HAMBURG -- A Moroccan being retried on charges he aided the Sept. 11 plotters was part of lead hijacker Mohamed Atta's inner circle and knew of the group's arguments for turning to violence, a witness testified yesterday.
2	Bob Evans 2Q Earnings Tumble 41 Percent Shares of Bob Evans Farms Inc. fell Monday after the family restaurant chain reported Tuesday that second-quarter earnings fell 41 percent because of soft same-store sales and higher food and labor costs.
2	JPMorgan, CSFB to Buy UK Drugmaker Warner Chilcott (Update2) A group led by JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. agreed to buy UK drugmaker Warner Chilcott Plc for 1.62 billion pounds (\$3 billion), outbidding two other private equity firms.
3	Programs: 'Myst IV' Preserves the Magic  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - The "Myst" series has always  been for people who don't typically play computer games.  Instead of providing pulse-pounding action, it has taken  players to exotic worlds, given them lots of time to explore,  and required them to solve challenging puzzles to move through  the adventure.
0	Threatment of Arafat continues in Paris Doctors in France treating the Palestinian leader, Yassar Arafat, have told him that it will be several days before they know exactly what is wrong with him.
2	Economic Growth Better Than Thought The US economy grew faster in the second quarter than previously thought as business inventories rose at the strongest rate in four years, the government said on 
2	Brent Crude Falls to \$40  LONDON (Reuters) - London Brent crude fell briefly through  \$40 on Thursday for the first time in three weeks, extending  heavy losses to a fifth session as renewed exports from Iraq  and higher-than-expected U.S. gasoline inventories encouraged  big-money funds to take profits.
1	IMPERFECTION WON #39;T BEAT PERFECTION In their attempt to stop the Patriots #39; pursuit of perfection - which has reached 21 straight victories, including six to start the season - the Jets were imperfect.
3	After KaZaa, BitTorrent gets it. KaZaa is still finding themselves in court, explaining what #39;s going on, and Hollywood is already finding a new target: BitTorrent.
3	Video game pirates hard at work Insiders are blamed for most leaks of hot new titles online; catching suspects is difficult. By Matt Slagle. A month before the video game #39;s scheduled release on Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action 
2	OFT says MasterCard overcharges retailers Retailers and their customers face unduly high fees when using MasterCards, the Office of Fair Trading said yesterday in its latest provisional findings into the way card charges are set.
2	Group: Hurricane may cost insurers \$7.4B NEW YORK -- Hurricane Charley will likely cost insurers at least \$7.4 billion, according to the Insurance Institute, an industry trade group that based its estimate on initial claims data from Florida residents and businesses. 
1	Redskins #39; Arrington re-injures knee in practice Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins linebacker LaVar Arrington suffered a setback Monday in his return from knee surgery, as the All-Pro strained his right knee during a practice session.
1	U.S.C. Extends Lead Over Oklahoma in A.P. Poll On the eve of the season's first B.C.S. standings, No. 1 Southern California increased its lead on No. 2 Oklahoma in The A.P. Top 25.
0	U.S. to Meet Asian Allies, Chinese on N. Korea (Reuters) Reuters - The chief U.S. negotiator on North\Korea will hold discussions in Japan and China in the next few\days aimed at organizing a fresh round of six-party talks on\dismantling Pyongyang's nuclear programs, a State Department\official said on Tuesday.
1	Prospect of no NHL season causing carnage in Canada TORONTO: The prospect of a winter without icehockey continues to send shockwaves across Canada but the labour dispute between National Hockey League (NHL) owners and players has caused barely a ripple in the United States.
1	Gordo at Fenway: It #39;s slow-pitch softball with jacked-up fans First and foremost, the Red Sox can hit. They look like a slow-pitch softball team, with all that unruly hair, and they tee off on pitches like one.
0	Russians Rally Against Terror, Bury Dead MOSCOW - Tens of thousands of people answered a government call and rallied outside the Kremlin on Tuesday in a show of solidarity against terrorism, nearly a week after militants seized a school in southern Russia in a standoff that claimed more than 350 lives, many of them children.    Mourners in the grief-stricken city of Beslan lowered caskets into the damp earth in a third day of burials from the siege, which officials have blamed on Chechens and other Islamic militants...
2	\$1.3bn LSE bid fuels acquisition fever ACQUISITION fever gripped markets on both sides of the Atlantic yesterday including a 1.3-billion-pound takeover approach for the mid-cap London Stock Exchange from its rival Deutsche Berse.
1	Sportsview: Eagles Have Attitude, Talent (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles had talent. Now they have swagger and personality, too.
2	Hurricanes spike jobless claims The number of applications for unemployment benefits increased last week and the US Department of Labor is attributing most of the hike to the impact of Hurricanes Frances and Charley in Florida, according to an Associated Press report.
0	Weak Demand Leads Google to Lower Its Sights Google slashed the number of shares and concluded its unorthdox online auction by accepting a price well below its original target.
0	Famous Faces Add Luster to House Races (AP) AP - Clooney, Paterno, Bird, Sheen: The guest list at a party for Hollywood "A"-listers and sports legends? No, just some of famous names running for House seats or helping House candidates around the country.
1	Banged-up Bucks sign Goldwire The Bucks are shorthanded in the backcourt after placing guards TJ Ford and Mike James on the injured list to start the season. Milwaukee visits the Orlando Magic in the season opener for both teams on Wednesday night.
0	Ariel Sharon Calls for Expansion of Army #39;s Gaza Raid Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Saturday that Israel should expand its massive raid of northern Gaza, the army #39;s biggest and deadliest offensive in more than four years of conflict with the Palestinians.
1	Arsenal back on track with new  #39;keeper LONDON -- Arsenal won for the first time in five matches yesterday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0, while Chelsea and Manchester United also earned comfortable wins in the English Premier League.
3	New Nokia 3230 And 6020 Camera Phones Nokia has introduced three new phones at their Mobility Conference, the 7710 widescreen multimedia smartphone, the 3230 megapixel smartphone and the 6020 camera phone.
2	Asia growth to hit 7, bank says Developing Asia and the Pacific will grow at 7.0 percent in 2004 on strong exports and buoyant intraregional trade, the Asian Development Bank says.
0	SKorean auto plants shut in strike by tens of thousands (AFP) AFP - Hyundai and Kia automotive plants shut down as their workers joined tens of thousands of other labourers in a strike against proposed new labor legislation, company officials said.
2	Sendo, Microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit Microsoft Corp. and UK mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday.
1	Rossi all revved up DEJA vu at Phillip Island yesterday left Flying Doctor Valentino Rossi counting the hours to another world title and Australian star Troy Bayliss bouncing along the bitumen.
2	Unemployment Claims Jump by 20,000 The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
2	Woolworths H2 earnings jump 12 on cost savings SYDNEY: Australian supermarket group Woolworths Ltd reported a better-than-expected 12 gain in second-half profit on cost savings, and forecast a rise of up to 15 in 2005 earnings despite increased competition.
2	O #39;Connor: DoubleClick Hires Investment Bankers To Explore Sale The end of the line for an Internet icon? DoubleClick (nasdaq: DCLK - news - people ) on Monday said it has retained Lazard Freres to  quot;explore strategic options, quot; including the sale of all or part of its business.
2	Google Doubles Profits Google #39;s first quarterly earnings statement since its recent IPO rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
0	UK considering Iran nuclear agreement The British government is considering a provisional agreement over Iran #39;s nuclear activities, a Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.
3	Inland, Too, Are the Sights and Scents of a Disaster Away from the ocean, in the Florida Panhandle's interior, the imprint of Hurricane Ivan not only was visible on Friday but also hung pungently in the air.
1	Early breakthrough to Kasper Michael Kasprowicz dismissed Daniel Vettori in just the fifth over of the session to reduce New Zealand to 8 for 264 on the second day of the Gabba Test this morning.
2	Action Performance CFO resigns Action Performance Cos. Inc. Friday announced the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer R. David Martin effective immediately.
2	Aussie wealth exceeds \$5 trillion It appears Australians have never been wealthier as total private sector wealth now exceeds \$5 trillion. Officially, private sector wealth is estimated at \$5,013 billion, which is up 18 per cent in the past year.
1	Tennis: Kuznetsova Advances to China Open Quarterfinals US Open tennis champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia has advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing with a hard-fought win over China #39;s Li Na.
2	Stocks to Watch Friday (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks to watch on Friday: MICROSOFT\CORP. : The world's largest software maker will suffer\serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows\without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer\told a European Union court.
0	LABOUR AT BRIGHTON: SORRY I JUST CAN #39;T SAY SORRY FOR IRAQ TONY Blair refused to say sorry for the Iraq war yesterday, after a last-minute change of mind over a conference apology. In his Brighton address, the Prime Minister 
3	ICQ Launches Improved E-Mail Service Longtime instant messaging player ICQ is going the portal route with the launch of two new e-mail services for its 20 million users.
1	Golf Notebook:  #39;Deadened #39; ball revisited The world #39;s top professional players might soon have to use a  quot;deadened quot; golf ball to counter more athletic golfers hitting longer shots each year, US PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem said.
1	Feyenoord Join Schalke In UEFA Cup Knockout Feyenoord beat Schalke 04 2-1 at the De Kuip stadium on Wednesday evening to progress with their German opponents to the knockout stage of the UEFA Cup from Group A. Schalke, already qualified for the business 
1	Wednesday NHL lockout seems inevitable After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable.
0	GOP Backs Off on Ethics Changes (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; House Republicans on Monday reversed a decision, made less than two months ago, that would have allowed Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas to remain in his leadership post if he was indicted by a grand jury in his home state.
2	Circulation drops will pull down ad revenue, analyst says NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Goldman Sachs downgraded Tribune Co. Friday, saying the media company #39;s circulation woes will soon translate into lower advertising revenue.
0	Iraq Cleric Urges Fighters to Drop Arms NAJAF, Iraq - Thousands of pilgrims streamed into the Imam Ali Shrine on Friday and filed out mixed with militants who had been holed up inside, leaving the holy site nearly empty after Iraq's top Shiite cleric brokered a peace deal to end three weeks of fighting in this holy city.    Hours earlier, firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr issued a statement broadcast over the shrine's loudspeakers, ordering his fighters to lay down their arms and leave Najaf and neighboring Kufa...
3	Amazon adds DVD rental service to UK store Amazon.co.uk has added a rental service to its DVD tab allowing customers to rent six DVDs a month for 9.99 or four DVDs for 7.99 additionally rental members will save an extra 10 per cent off of Amazons DVD prices.
3	Crime Spurs South Africa's Inventors to Action  JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Want a computer that screams when  a thief strikes? Or a personal tracking unit in case you get  kidnapped?
0	U.S. Death Toll in Iraq Reaches Grim Milestone (Reuters) Reuters - The American death toll in Iraq\topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush\launched the war that has become a central issue in the
3	Microsoft adds IP indemnity to Linux fight Borrowing a line from Allstate Insurance, Microsoft wants customers to know they are in good hands when they choose its software. The software maker plans to announce on Wednesday that it will indemnify nearly 
2	Halliburton Considers Selling Troubled Unit  Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it may sell its Kellogg Brown  #38; Root subsidiary, the largest government contractor in Iraq. Even though revenue soared from the unit, profit lagged and the dollars brought controversy over whether the company once run by Dick Cheney overcharged the government and mishandled some of the services it provides.
1	Second team drops finale SEATTLE With final preseason cuts looming this weekend, Vikings coach Mike Tice certainly gave himself an opportunity to thoroughly evaluate his reserves Thursday night.
3	Adobe releases hobbyist Photoshop package com October 13, 2004, 12:19 PM PT. According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
2	Mayors agree to wait for gas tax revenue MONTREAL - Montreal mayor Grald Tremblay is back from Toronto with a renewed vigour to improve his city #39;s aging infrastructure system.
3	Update: Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH   Co. KG.
1	High noon decision for Gerrard Sven-Goran Eriksson will delay any decision about Steven Gerrard #39;s involvement in tomorrow night #39;s World Cup qualifier against Austria until a few hours before the match.
0	White House Proposes Intelligence Changes WASHINGTON - Amid a heated election-year debate on intelligence reform, the White House is expected to move soon on executive orders aimed at implementing a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center.    Bush administration and congressional officials said Thursday drafts of executive orders are circulating among relevant agencies for approval...
0	Kuwaitis Get Apology From Palestinians KUWAIT CITY Dec 12, 2004 - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas apologized to Kuwaitis on Sunday for the Palestinians #39; support of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait, making a gesture many here have long demanded as he 
2	Hutchinson Telecom Files Billion-Dollar IPO Hutchison Whampoa said it will offer 1.155 billion shares or 25 percent of the unit #39;s 4.5 billion shares. The price range of \$0.
1	In the NBA, Shaq and Kobe Are Still the Show Everything starts, again, with Shaq, Kobe and Phil. They didn #39;t win either of the last two NBA titles. They were dismissed from the Finals by the Pistons in June.
2	Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold hit its highest level in more  than 16 years Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool  worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained  after a solid performance on Wall Street.
2	Cullen makes monetary gaffe Finance Minister Michael Cullen has made an embarrassing gaffe by apparently announcing the Reserve Bank #39;s decision to raise interest rates a day early.
0	Bomb blast explodes near Australian Embassy in Baghdad, killing 2 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb targeting a US military convoy exploded near the Australian Embassy Monday, killing at least two people, police and the Iraqi Interior Ministry said.
0	Fresh Blasts Rock Northeast India Suspected separatists bombed a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites Sunday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 57 dead and more than 100 wounded in northeast India.
3	PeopleSoft's Chief Executive Rallies His Troops Vs. Oracle (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - PeopleSoft Chief Executive Craig Conway rallied 13,000 company faithful during his keynote speech Tuesday at the company's annual users' conference in San Francisco.
2	Fight over Vector goes to court Late last night, the High Court was hearing an application to sack three members of Vector #39;s owner, the Auckland Energy Consumer Trust, following an earlier breakaway meeting on a deal to partially privatise the company.
1	Reports: Charges Expected for Five Pacers (AP) AP - Five Indiana Pacers players and five Detroit Pistons fans were expected to be charged with assault Wednesday in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills, according to news reports.
3	Polish Cops Bust 100-Member Computer Piracy Gang (Reuters) Reuters - Polish police have broken up a gang of\more than 100 hackers who sold pirated music and films, using\academic computer systems around the world to store their\wares, a police spokeswoman said on Tuesday.
2	United hires consultant to review plans; union suit dropped The move is a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier. If the hiring of Bridge Associates LLC is formally approved in bankruptcy court, the move will end a two-month 
0	Blasts Rock Indian Northeast in Escalating Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Two bombs went off in India's\northeastern state of Assam Sunday, killing three people and\wounding 15 in escalating violence in the turbulent region,\blamed on separatist guerrillas.
3	Government procurement cannot save china #39;sl software industry Recently, the Government Procurement Office of Beijing Municipality issued the Notice of Beijing Municipal Information Office on the Result of the Government Procurement Project for Copyrighted Software Vendors of Computer Operating Systems, Office Suites 
0	State vows to destroy killer shark Authorities said they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near an Australian beach as his friends tried to save him by beating the fish with oars.
2	BoE Holds UK Rates at 4.75 Percent  LONDON (Reuters) - British interest rates stayed at 4.75  percent for the fourth month running on Thursday, but  economists are split over whether the Bank of England will  raise borrowing costs again next year.
0	Haiti Flood Death Toll Passes 700 (Reuters) Reuters - Survivors of devastating\flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of\food on Tuesday as officials said more than 700 people had been\killed and at least 1,000 were missing.
0	166 coal miners feared dead Beijing - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China #39;s Shaanxi province on Sunday, trapping 166 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world #39;s biggest coal producer in recent years.
0	Blair denies politics plays role in decisions on troops LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said yesterday that British troops would only be redeployed to the more volatile, US-controlled sector of Iraq if it was militarily justified.
3	Intel Pushes Further into Mobile Space Intel is teaming with mobile-phone giant Nokia and software developer Symbian on next-generation mobile phones, or smartphones. Demand for these devices -- which promise Web browsing, multimedia 
1	UNH faces tough task at Villanova The University of New Hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to Villanova today for a pivotal Atlantic 10 matchup.
1	Demetra Proud of Husband #39;s Achievements Matthew Pinsent got the nod to carry on moments after winning his fourth Olympic gold medal from the person who matters most, his wife Demetra.
3	HP girds for grid storage campaign The computing giant talks up new storage products and plans after a major sales stumble.
3	IBM, Boeing team up for defense work The defense-related work is estimated to be worth \$200 billion.
3	Robots rejected for Hubble rescue Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, say experts.
1	J. Gordon Nabs Pole Jeff Gordon wins the pole for the Sharpie 500, his sixth of the season, at Bristol (Tenn.) Motor Speedway with a speed of 128.520 mph.
3	X-43 scramjet test delayed LOS ANGELES: NASA has delayed a planned flight of an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10 (11,200km/h).
2	 Dockers seek conciliation help Union officials and leaders at AB Ports are meeting conciliation experts to try to reach an agreement in the docks crisis.
0	GOP Convention Protests Mostly Peaceful (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of protesters made a sweaty but jubilant five-hour march through the streets of Manhattan on the eve of the Republican National Convention for a demonstration that wound up being largely peaceful despite fears of violent skirmishes with police.
3	Oracle may be readying new PeopleSoft bid During courtroom testimony, a director for the database giant offers insight into the future of the takeover bid.
1	Rain holds up Windies LONDON (CMC) - Only six overs were possible in West Indies #39; response before rain then bad light stopped play in their final ICC Champions Trophy Group-B match against South Africa yesterday.
3	Sun adds nVidia power to Java Workstations Sun Microsystems has added nVidia Quadro graphics technology to the Java Workstations it detailed last month. The vendor has included the technology in its W1100z and W2100z models, which are based on AMD 
2	Hurricanes Power Gillette's Duracell Net profit growth is keeping investors from worrying about Gillette's free cash flow.
3	Preaching beyond the Mac faithful In the past three weeks, shares of Apple Computer Inc. have flirted with all-time highs after a wave of reports from investment houses like Piper Jaffray, Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan issued glowing projections about the Cupertino firm #39;s future.
0	Japanese Music Companies Are Raided (AP) AP - Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.
3	Russia successfully launches Soyuz 2-1A rocket RBC, 09.11.2004, Moscow 09:25:54.Russia has successfully launched a new model of booster rocket, the Soyuz-2-1A. The rocket blasted off at 9:30 pm from the Plesetsk launch pad carrying a satellite model.
1	Buckley signed to replace Mickens The Jets signed 33-year-old cornerback Terrell Buckley, who was released by New England on Sunday, after putting nickel back Ray Mickens on season-ending injured reserve yesterday with a torn ACL in his left knee.
2	Governor Promises Help Reopening Schools Affected By Charley One week after Hurricane Charley chewed a path from Punta Gorda to Daytona Beach, Gov. Jeb Bush promises to to use state resources to help schools damaged or destroyed by the storm to reopen quickly.
2	Rare Day of Joy for Ciena Faithful Disappointment is the usual sentiment for Ciena shareholders -- except for yesterday.
1	Cubs Team Report Manager Dusty Baker took RF Sammy Sosa up on his offer to bat fifth, marking the first time Sosa hit in that slot since 1994. Of the 56 players with at least 100 at-bats in the cleanup spot, Sosa was second-to-last in batting average.
3	NASA Recruits Stunt Pilots To Catch Sun Capsule NASA has enlisted the aid of Hollywood stunt pilots to retrieve a space capsule as it falls to Earth. The Genesis probe has collected tiny particles of the sun -- a stream of charged atoms known as  quot;solar wind quot; -- from a region located about ...
0	Diplomats: Nuke equipment taken Missing nuclear-related equipment in Iraq was removed by experts working systematically over an extended period, diplomats said Thursday, contradicting Iraqi officials 
2	Market cheers cleaner structure, but reserves loom an oil giant with a corporate governance structure as complicated as its name -s trying to simplify. That was the good news Thursday, but the embattled 
3	Rover Finds More Signs of Water in Mars #39; Past Gostar Klingelhofer of Johannes Gutenberg University reported that NASA #39;s Mars rover Spirit found a rock that had sizable amounts of an iron-containing mineral associated with water.
3	Oracle apps upgrade to ship within 60 days SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Customers will be able to get their hands on the delayed version of Oracle Corp. #39;s E-Business Suite 11i.
2	OPEC aims for four percent increase in oil quotas VIENNA: OPECs core Gulf producers on Wednesday recommended the cartel raise supply quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahd al-Sabah said.
3	Gartner: Microsoft beats PalmSource in PDAs Worldwide shipments of personal digital assistants (PDAs) using Microsoft Corp.'s Windows CE operating system have surpassed those using PalmSource Inc.'s Palm OS for the first time, following a precipitous decline in Palm OS PDA shipments in the third quarter of 2004, according to research released Friday by industry analyst company Gartner Inc.
3	AOL dumps sender ID According to internetnews.com, AOL has dumped the idea following concerns expressed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), coupled with the tepid support for Sender ID in the open source community.
0	Miller to Honor Swift Boat Vets' Group (AP) AP - For one night only, it'll be spitballs and Swift Boats together on the same stage  #151; a who's who of Sen. John Kerry bashing. The American Conservative Union on Thursday announced it has tapped Sen. Zell Miller, D-Ga., to present the "Courage Under Fire" award to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth at the Conservative Political Action Conference's Feb. 16 banquet.
1	Australia cruise into semifinals London, Sept. 16. (PTI): World Champions Australia sounded a stern warning to their rivals as they thumped New Zealand by seven wickets in a Group A league match and entered the semifinals of the ICC Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament.
2	Ex-Enron Asst Treasurer Strikes Plea Deal  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A former Enron Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;  assistant treasurer pleaded guilty on Tuesday in U.S. District  Court to conspiracy to commit securities fraud for disguising  the company's weak finances before its dramatic collapse.
2	Accountant testifies he lied about Enron barge deal A former Enron accountant testified Thursday that he knew an arrangement to temporarily sell Merrill Lynch some barges just to boost Enron #39;s bottom line was wrong and he planned to lie about it if confronted.
0	Typhoon Chaba approaches southwestern Japan (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Chaba was approaching Japan and was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in southwestern regions over the weekend, officials said.
2	Tokyo Stocks Open Higher, Exporters Lead (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average opened 0.69 percent\higher on Wednesday as gains on Wall Street eased uncertainty\ahead of the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election, prompting\buying of Toyota Motor Corp. and other exporters.
2	Martha wants to go to jail now Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.
3	Capsule from Genesis Space Probe Crashes in Utah Desert Scientists with the US space agency NASA have begun investigating the crash landing Wednesday of the Genesis space capsule in Utah.
3	Novell: The future is  #39;both-source #39; Novell has claimed the future of software development is not to be found in either the open-source or proprietary models but one that combines the best of both worlds --  quot;both source quot;.
3	Electronics Industry Battles for the Living Room  SAN FRANCISCO/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The living room, once  the most technologically simple part of the average home, is a  high-tech battleground today as the consumer electronics  industry seeks to digitize home entertainment and make it  available anywhere, anytime.
3	Microsoft Set to Unveil Desktop Search, MOOL Microsoft on Monday morning will likely debut a beta version of its desktop search and unveil a new connection service to tie Hotmail and the Outlook mail client.
1	Federer races to opening win Roger Federer hadn #39;t played anybody for keeps in six weeks. So, even though he #39;d been routinely putting in four-hour training sessions after he arrived at Westside Tennis Club last week, a measure of apprehension lingered.
2	United reaches tentative deal with pilots United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, on Tuesday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement 
1	Prem Preview: Southampton  Middlesbrough Next in the hot seat we have Mr Redknapp. Your first question Mr Redknapp, for 3 points, is how on earth are you going to rescue Southampton from relegation this season?
3	Hackers Get Very Fast At Exploiting Microsoft Flaws A  quot;modest quot; number of PCs have been hit, but security-firm execs are focused more on just how fast the new worm appeared.
0	Oil Falls as Hedge Funds Rush to Exit World oil prices fell again on Tuesday as Iraq restored oil exports and hedge funds continued the rush to take profits from record highs.
2	Global Crossing Falls as It Seeks New Financing (Update2) Shares of Global Crossing Ltd., 10 months out of bankruptcy, plunged 19 percent after the fiber- optic network operator said it needs as much as \$40 million in new loans to avoid running out of money this year.
0	PM Lee hopes ASEAN will be an Economic Community before 2020 VIENTIENE, Laos: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong hopes ASEAN will be able to bring forward the deadline to become an Economic Community before 2020.
2	DALE JEWETT  Automotive News General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are joining forces to develop a new hybrid powertrain that they claim is more efficient and flexible than current hybrids.
3	Ubiquitous browser hole an easy target for scammers Dec 10, 2004: A new web browser security hole has been uncovered by a security firm, which could provide scammers with the means to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on genuine, trusted websites.
0	City ease pressure on Keegan; Bolton peg back Gunners (AFP) AFP - High-flying Bolton ended Arsenal's perfect start to their Premiership title defence by twice coming from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Highbury.
1	Titans Can Move Ball, but Can't Score (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans are doing a great job of holding onto the ball. Now, they have to find a way to get into the end zone.
3	Microsoft browser market share slips Seattle  Reuters News Service, 4 November 2004 - Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92.
0	15 Iraqis, 9 US Marines killed in one of Bloodiest Day HILLA (Iraq): In a bloody day in Iraq, at least fifteen Iraqis died and another 20 were wounded in an exchange of gunfire south of Baghdad, hospital sources said, while the US military reported killing five suspected rebels during clashes.
2	Tata to invest \$2bn in Bangladesh Indian industrial group Tata agrees to invest \$2bn in Bangladesh, the biggest single deal agreed by a firm in the south Asian country.
2	WTO: EU sugar subsidies break trade rules The European Union has broken international trade rules by subsidizing sugar producers, the World Trade Organization ruled Friday.
0	Police attack Darfur refugee camp Police drove through a Darfur camp for displaced people on Wednesday, smashing makeshift homes with their trucks, a UN spokesman and Amnesty International said.
0	Clarke steps into Blunkett's role Charles Clarke is set to start work as Home Secretary after David Blunkett's shock resignation in a visa row.
1	Red Sox out to make history As the Red Sox embark on the American League Championship Series rematch that somehow always seemed fated to happen, they understand that their reward could go even beyond a trip to the World Series.
3	The Leonid Meteor Shower 2004: Modest Peak Expected Nov. 16-19 (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Next week brings us the \  return of the famous Leonid Meteor Shower, a meteor display that over the past \  several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers \  around the world.
2	Putting a Twist on Christmas This holiday season, a dozen major retailers are banking on the choppy, pulsating sound of remixed Christmas classics to help lure young shoppers and keep them spending.
0	Song and Dance as Land Mine Meeting Opens in Kenya Kenya Sunday launched an international conference aimed at working toward the eradication of land mines by the year 2009 with traditional African dances and songs.
3	Private rocket reaches space for second time Climbing to space like a winged corkscrew, SpaceShipOne successfully completed the first leg of its attempt for a \$10-million prize Wednesday in a flight marked by an unexpected series of rolls.
3	Summary: Microscopic Diamond Found in Mont (AP) AP - WHAT WAS FOUND: A microscopic diamond embedded in kimberlite, the molten rock in which diamonds are found, in Montana.
2	Russia invites foreign Yukos bids Foreign investors may be allowed to bid for the key oil producing subsidiary of embattled Russian oil firm Yukos. Moscow authorities are forcing the sale of Yuganskneftegas, which accounts for 60 of the firm #39;s 
0	Four soldiers, civilian die in Kashmir: India News: Srinagar, Oct 9 : Four Indian soldiers and a civilian were killed when a suicide bomber rammed a car packed with explosives into an army convoy in Jammu and Kashmir Saturday.
1	Notebook: Guerrero earns MVP Vladimir Guerrero had such a powerful presence during the final week of the season that voting for the American League Most Valuable Player Award wasn #39;t close.
3	SCO Web site hack mocks company's legal claims Malicious hackers have compromised The SCO Group's Web page twice in as many days, posting messages that appear to mock the company's claims to own parts of the Linux operating system.
0	A Mild Shanghai Lawyer and His Accidental Crusade The personal history of Guo Guoting is of the hard-knock variety commonplace in China, where one old rule endures: you can't fight City Hall.
1	A  quot;psychological war quot; Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant a  quot;psychological war quot; in his diary The Last season: A Team in Search of its Soul, which will be released next month.
2	BofA meets Wall Street #39;s projections with third-quarter results CHARLOTTE, NC Bank of America #39;s third-quarter profit meets Wall Street #39;s expectations with a continued boost in business from the FleetBoston Financial merger.
1	Gymnastics: Hamm relieved but bitter over medal fight NEW YORK - Paul Hamm said he was relieved but had some bitter feelings after Thursday #39;s decision to let him keep his Olympic all-round gymnastics gold medal.
0	US planes pound Fallujah FALLUJAH - American warplanes struck Iraqi positions in the rebel stronghold of Fallujah Thursday, ahead of an expected assault on the city.
3	Linux-builder Debian objects to Microsoft Sender ID licence The worlds of Open Source and proprietary software have collided once more with the news that Debian - builder of a version of the GNU/Linux operating system - announcing it cannot live with the terms of Microsoft #39;s licence for its technology in the 
2	6 arrested in Boston protesting SF lockout Boston -- About 85 members of Hotel Workers Local 26 demonstrated Wednesday in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Boston to show support for locked-out workers in San Francisco.
0	Barroso to meet leaders over Buttiglione The incoming president of the European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso, is to meet party leaders in the European Parliament. This morning #39;s meeting is a bid to avert a crisis over the nomination of Italian Rocco Buttiglione as Justice Commissioner.
0	This is a job for Batman! p2pnet.net OT News:- It was  #39;unbelievably easy #39; to breech security quot; and,  quot;.. it #39;s easier to get onto the Queen #39;s balcony than see my own children quot;.
1	Liga Wrap: Barca Storm Nine Points Clear Barcelona opened up a nine-point lead at the top of La Liga on Saturday night with a 2-1 win at Getafe. Rafael Marquez and Deco scored early on to give the Catalan giants a two-goal lead after just 22 minutes.
3	Video Game Review: 'Political Machine' Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
2	Chiron Wins Bird Flu Vaccine Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt; has won a  contract to develop a human vaccine against a strain of bird  flu that can infect people and "has the potential to trigger a  modern-day pandemic," the U.S. government said on Tuesday.
1	No. 1 Illinois takes control with 10-0 run late in first half It took a while for the top-ranked Illini basketball team to find a little traction Thursday night. But when the Fighting Illini dug in -t one point going 
1	Nottingham Forest lead tributes to Clough LONDON: Nottingham Forest remembered Brian Clough as the architect of one of the great football achievements of all time after their former manager died from stomach cancer on Monday, aged 69.
2	SEC Could Slow Aggressive Rulemaking Pace (AP) AP - Spurred to action by a wave of scandals that rolled through corporate America and the mutual fund industry, the Securities and Exchange Commission could slow its aggressive rulemaking pace in coming months as internal dissension and outside pressures intensify.
3	Microsoft WINS Said To Be Vulnerable Microsoft said Sunday it #39;s looking into reports of a security screw-up in Windows Internet Name Service (WINS), a component of its most popular server software, including Windows NT 4.0 Server, Windows 2000 Server, and Windows Server 2003.
2	Ambanis set up talks Nov. 21: A family meeting of the Ambanis is likely to take place tomorrow within hours of Mukesh Ambanis return from the US. In a TV interview aired a few days ago, Mukesh had said there were ownership issues within the family.
1	Miami Struggles on Offense The Redskins on Saturday will face a Dolphins team facing a number of issues on offense.
2	Mellon Financial Corp. will acquire private investment firm PITTSBURGH Mellon Financial Corporation has agreed to acquire The Providence Group Investment Advisory Company, a private investment firm.
1	BECKS TO HIS BEST FOR REAL DAVID BECKHAM and Michael Owen were on target as Real Madrid went goal crazy in the Bernabeu last night. Beckham marked his return to form in style with his first goal in two months.
2	Florida Examines Higher Insurance Deductibles Reduced coverage means the hurricane's impact on insurance companies will be muted. And that is fostering anger among some politicians in Florida.
0	Calais blockade disrupts ferries Channel ferry services are hit by a blockade as French fishermen show their anger at fuel price rises.
2	S American nations sign oil deal The word's fifth largest oil exporting nation, Venezuela, signs an oil deal with South American neighbour, Paraguay.
0	Arafat supporters hold overnight vigil outside hospital in Paris &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CLAMART, France, Nov 4 (AFP) - Several dozen people on Thursday gathered outside a military hospital near Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was being kept alive by artificial life support systems.
1	McDowell sets halfway pace Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell will take a three-shot lead into the weekend at the German Masters. The 25-year-old fired the round of the day at Gut Larchenhof - an eight-under 64 to take him to 11 under par overall.
0	MGM studios to be bought by Sony Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hollywood's last major independent, is set to accept a Sony offer worth \$5bn.
1	CRB Button hearing adjourned Motorsport.com. The Contract Recognition Board (CRB) hearing of the Jenson Button/BAR/Williams case has been adjourned until October 16th.
2	PepsiCo Up Whopping 35 Percent or 79 cents a share -- for the third quarter, up a whopping 35 percent from the \$1.01 billion -- or 58 cents -- earned in the year-ago period.
1	AZ Alkmaar keep heat on Dutch leaders PSV Second-placed AZ Alkmaar closed in on Dutch first division leaders PSV Eindhoven after a 3-0 home win over RKC Waalwijk on Saturday.
0	Is genocide just a word in Darfur dilemma? (FindLaw) -- In response to a question about atrocities taking place in the Darfur region of western Sudan, Secretary of State Colin Powell said,  quot;We have learned from Rwanda.
0	Iraq says top Zarqawi aide arrested in Mosul BAGHDAD (AFP) - One of the leaders of the top US foe in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was arrested in the northern city of Mosul, national security adviser Qassem Daoud said.
2	Fed Says Banks Ease Loan Standards  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Major American banks and foreign  banks with U.S. branches made it easier for companies to obtain  loans in recent months, a Federal Reserve survey of bank  officers released on Monday showed.
1	Kewell, Aloisi and Viduka on sidelines HARRY Kewell and John Aloisi did not travel with the Socceroos to the Solomon Islands yesterday, adding a touch of uncertainty to tomorrow #39;s Confederations Cup qualifying tie regarded as a foregone conclusion a week ago.
3	Here's the Hook: Gifts for Online Bill Payers More businesses are out to convert die-hard check writers to electronic billing by offering perks, lower interest rates or discounted prices.
2	Bear Stearns Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brokerage Bear Stearns Companies  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit fell 10 percent hurt  by lower investment banking revenue and higher expenses.
3	Sybase releases free Express database for Linux The company is releasing its new ASE Express Edition for free in hopes of attracting customers who will later upgrade to Sybase's ASE Small Business Edition.
0	NO END TO THE AGONY BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber killed 16 people at a National Guard centre in western Iraq yesterday.An Interior Ministry official said the bomber targeted recruits for the paramilitary force in the town of Anah, 260km northwest of Baghdad, near the Syrian 
2	Report: PeopleSoft prepares for proxy fight with Oracle UNDATED The Wall Street Journal reports PeopleSoft is getting ready for a proxy fight at its annual meeting next spring over the Oracle takeover bid.
2	OMAM weighing Gold Fields, Harmony options South Africa #39;s Old Mutual Asset Managers (OMAM) is still weighing its options regarding the bid by Harmony Gold (HAR) for Gold Fields (GFI), OMAM resources fund manager Patrice Rassou said.
1	Cowboys deal Bryant for Morgan CLEVELAND - Antonio Bryant was traded from the Dallas Cowboys to the Cleveland Browns yesterday for Quincy Morgan in a swap of wide receivers.
0	Taiwan loses out again After more than 90 speeches on Wednesday - the vast majority against putting Taiwan on the assembly #39;s agenda - President Jean Ping of Gabon asked the assembly #39;s General Committee if there were any objections to not including the issue.
1	Patience pays off for Kezman Chelsea moved into the fourth round of the Carling Cup thanks to Mateja Kezman #39;s first goal for the club. But there were unpleasant scenes towards the end of this closely fought contest when the 
0	Hostage Takers Widen Demands Beyond Iraqi Affairs BAGHDAD, Aug 29 (AFP) - For the first time since the kidnappings of foreigners started in Iraq in April, hostage takers have set conditions external to the country by demanding that France lift a ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools.
3	Cisco to Introduce New Products for Cos. (AP) AP - Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday will introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue  #151; computer-networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
1	Suddenly in the mix With Toomer a question mark for Sunday, Taylor, a 6th-round draft choice, might start after making his pro debut last week vs. Lions.
3	Tokyo Edge: More Mobile Music Sony embraces MP3, while new Blu-ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
1	Pacers Scared, Shocked by Detroit Fans (AP) AP - The Indiana Pacers were frightened when spectators began hurling chairs, drinks, and ice at them in one of the most violent exchanges between players and fans in U.S. sports history.
3	Livewire: Today's Pop Stars in It for the URLs (Reuters) Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the band has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995.
2	Kellogg chief to drive US commerce GEORGE W.Bush began supercharging his economic team yesterday, nominating as commerce secretary a Cuban refugee who worked his way up the corporate ladder to the top of cereal giant Kellogg.
3	Samsung SPH-V5400 with 1.5 GB hard drive While most mobile phones are lucky to have 4 MB of RAM to store user data, Samsung #39;s new SPH-V5400 phone offers a whopping 1.5 GB of storage courtesy of its integrated mini-hard drive.
0	Putin under pressure over siege Calls grow for answers  over the school siege in Beslan as Russia holds a second day of official mourning.
2	SEC Charges Raymond James with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Thursday charged brokerage firm Raymond James  Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud over the misconduct of a  former broker in 1999 and 2000.
0	Iraq Forces Advance on Najaf Shrine, Battle Rages Iraqi security forces moved to within 400 meters (yards) of a holy shrine in Najaf on Tuesday, just hours after the government warned Shi #39;ite rebels inside they would be killed if they did not surrender.
3	BOFH takes a hit from Cupid's arrow &lt;strong&gt;Episode 26&lt;/strong&gt; Shall I compare thee to an OS2-free Intel box?
2	Dow Jones Is Said to Agree to a Deal to Buy MarketWatch Dow Jones is set to announce that it will pay about \$486 million for the parent company of CBS MarketWatch, a business news site.
2	Oil Price Tops \$55; Heating Supply Low Oil closed above \$55 a barrel Friday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
1	Beckham puts Hollywood on hold David Beckham revealed yesterday he has been offered film parts, but that the leading role he craves most involves England. Beckham is granted his footballing wish tomorrow when he 
1	Even Kidd Can #39;t Help Nets Win on Road With Jason Kidd back in the lineup, the Nets have demonstrated new life. But LeBron James proved to be a little too much for Kidd and the Nets here Tuesday night.
3	Convictions send stern warning to spammers Spammers will find that the money to be made by bombarding computers with junk e-mails is not worth the risk. A Virginia jury sent a sobering message last week to the unscrupulous purveyors of junk e-mail.
3	Stelios enters online music fray The founder of Easyjet has confirmed he is entering the online music market in a partnership with UK-based Wippit. Stelios Haji-Ioannou #39;s move comes as Microsoft and Yahoo revealed challenges to the likes 
0	US ex-financier jailed for fraud Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is sentenced to more than 16 years in jail.
0	Hamas Leader Killed in Israeli Air Force Strike Near Gaza City Ednan Al-Ghoul, a Hamas leader responsible for developing the Qassam rockets fired by Palestinians at Israeli towns, was killed in a missile strike near Gaza City, the Israel Defense Forces said.
1	Trail Blazers Suspend Woods  PORTLAND, Ore., (Sports Network) - Portland Trail Blazers  forward Qyntel Woods was suspended without pay pending the  club's investigation regarding allegations by Multnomah County  for dog abandonment and by Clackamas County for dog fighting.
1	Chelsea Football Club eye 15 million Owen swoop Chelsea Football Club are keen to test Real Madrids resolve to keep Michael Owen with a big money January move for the striker.
1	Computers take liking to Sooners The Sooners held on to second place in the Bowl Championship Series standings yesterday, staying ahead of third-place Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
0	Cambodia #39;s King Sihanouk insists abdication is final PHNOM PENH: Cambodia #39;s retired King Norodom Sihanouk has confirmed that he will not retake the throne despite the pleas of his nation to change his mind.
2	Fuel Costs Blight BA Profits Soaring fuel costs continued to cast a shadow over British Airways today, despite better-than-expected half-year results from the airline.
0	Scottish aid worker killed by land mine in Sudan A Scottish aid worker has been killed by a land mine in the Darfur area of Sudan. Thirty-four-year-old Ralph Bullick from Edinburgh was working on a project restoring water supplies to the troubled area when his vehicle detonated an anti-tank mine.
1	Nuggets hang on to Nene DENVER The Denver Nuggets have picked up their three million dollar option for next NBA season for forward Nene (nuh-NAY #39;) but not for Nikoloz Tskitishvili (NIH-koh-lohs skee-tish-VEE #39;-lee).
2	Stuck in No.2, Office Depot cuts CEO Sales rose slightly in the past two quarters, a first in Bruce Nelson #39;s four years of trying to jump-start the chain as it struggled to gain on Staples Inc.
1	YOUNG GUNS BRING BACK THE SMILES THE SMILE had been missing from Arsene Wenger #39;s face ever since the Battle of the Buffet. But watching it return at Highbury on Tuesday night, you could see exactly why Wenger has pledged his long-term future to Arsenal.
0	Fallujah Insurgents Fight US Marines for Second Day (Update1) US Marines engaged rebels on the outskirts of the Iraqi insurgent stronghold of Fallujah for a second day, the US military said in an e-mailed statement.
1	Creamer already appears to be rising to top She couldn't accept the \$6,000 first-place prize, but no big deal. Paula Creamer had known that going into the tournament. But the free ticket from American Airlines? That was OK -- and quite amusing to the 18-year-old.
1	Australia take firm grip on third Test against India : Sports India: Cricket  gt; Nagpur, Oct 28 : Australia Thursday took a firm grip on the third Test against India as the home bowlers looked completely ineffective, allowing the visitors to build an overall lead of 415 runs with two days still to go.
1	Double act can bring Old Firm fans back TOMMY BURNS #39; appointment as Walter Smith #39;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.
2	ADVISORY: Levi Strauss Story Withdrawn  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The story headlined "UPDATE 1-Levi  Strauss   Co says could face bankruptcy" is withdrawn. The  story was based on language included in a filing the company  made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Such  language on risk factors is standard in most references to  indebtedness in regulatory filings by companies.
3	Google faces another trademark suit in Germany A German court is set to hear oral arguments in a trademark suit against Google Inc. next week, as the search giant faces yet another legal challenge to its AdWords keyword advertising program.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS"&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;
3	End of the line for HP's Alpha processor Hewlett-Packard Co. will release the final processor upgrade for its AlphaServer line of Unix servers on Monday.
3	PeopleSoft Tool Maps Integrations (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - PeopleSoft continues on the upgrade path despite the threat of a takeover by Oracle.
2	Trial for Wall Street as blue-chips slump on warnings HIGHER oil prices and profit warnings from Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever sent US shares lower. Buying of semiconductor shares helped limit losses on the Nasdaq as investors bought Intel and other semiconductors 
2	Marsh Reveals What's at Stake in Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. revealed what's  at stake in the probe into its behavior by New York Attorney  General Eliot Spitzer, saying it generated \$845 million of fat  fees from a practice at the center of a bid-rigging scandal.
3	Putting Their Own  Stamp On Postage It seemed like a clever idea. This summer, a small Web company, Stamps.com, partnered with the U.S. Postal Service to let people put their own photos on 37-cent first-class stamps.
0	Tension grows over Iran's nuclear aims VIENNA -- The diplomatic showdown over Iran's alleged nuclear ambitions could escalate into a confrontation that changes the political dynamic of the Middle East and further destabilizes the region, Western diplomats, officials, and analysts say.
1	Arrese sure of Spanish Davis Cup win Spain begin their third final in five seasons at the Olympic stadium hoping to secure their second title since their first in Barcelona against Australia in 2000.
0	Sri Lanka rebuffs rebels #39; demands Sri Lanka #39;s government has rejected demands from Tamil Tiger rebels to unconditionally resume peace talks. The rebels threatened at the weekend to return to military action unless discussions based on their blueprint for self-rule began again.
2	Planemaker Airbus Clears Another Hurdle Airbus got tentative approval on Monday to market a new model to rival Boeing Co. #39;s 7E7 from parent firm EADS, which said a final decision was expected next month.
2	This unconventional IPO has a familiar ring Google, like so many dot-coms before it, came roaring out of the IPO gate Thursday priced at the low end of expectations and promptly surged in value as investors piled onto the much-hyped share offering. 
2	MTFG, UFJ post declines in first half Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. announced Wednesday its group net profit fell 43.1 percent in the fiscal first half from a year earlier to 171.7 billion yen, while merger partner UFJ 
3	Toshiba to Launch HD DVD Notebook PCs in Q4 2005 Japan #39;s Toshiba Corp. said on Wednesday it would introduce notebook computers with HD DVD technology in the last quarter of 2005 in a move to pressure rivals in the battle over formats for next-generation DVDs.
0	Rolling through rural China, train of doctors restores sight Impatiently, Gopur Samat stood at the ready as a nurse stripped the bandage from his right eye and steered his attention toward a chart 20 feet away.
0	Former Drug Lord Gunned Down in Brazil Jose Carlos dos Reis Encina, once Brazil's most notorious drug lords, was gunned down on a major avenue Thursday, police said.
2	Tyson Went on the Atkins Diet, but Its Profit Slimmed Down Tyson Foods, the worlds largest meat processor, said that its earnings would probably be less than expected.
0	UN pulls food aid from Darfur KHARTOUM, Sudan -- The World Food Program has suspended its operations in most of the Sudanese state of North Darfur and relocated its staff to the capital because of renewed clashes between rebels and government forces, the UN agency said Thursday.
3	Microsoft Floats NetWare Migration Promo Officials at Microsoft (Quote, Chart) took advantage of their new arrangement with Novell (Quote, Chart) to launch a promotion to get US customers off the NetWare operating system and onto Windows Server 2003.
2	Yukos Unit To Be Auctioned Off Next Month The heart of the Yukos oil empire will be auctioned by the government next month for what could be a bargain price to pay back a mounting multibillion-dollar tax bill  --  a dramatic finale to a relentless 18-month official probe that could destroy Russia's largest oil producer. A top Yukos manager slammed the plans as "government-organized theft."
3	Nortel wins US\$5M contract for BT 10,000-worker virtual call &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (CP) - BT Group PLC has awarded a contract worth \$5 million US to Nortel Networks for voice-over-Internet technology designed to link almost 10,000 agents into a so-called virtual contact centre.
1	Family first for Piniella The manager is adamant the Rays did right staying home through Frances as the Yanks withdraw a request for a forfeit. By DAMIAN CRISTODERO, Times Staff Writer.
1	Last chance for NHL season TORONTO - The public mud slinging and name calling over the National Hockey League lockout fell to a hush Wednesday ahead of the first meeting between the league and its union since the deadlock began three months ago.
2	Kraft to Sell UK Desserts Business Kraft Foods Inc. said Thursday it agreed to sell its UK desserts business to Premier Foods PLC for \$135 million. Kraft said the transaction, which is subject to required approvals, is expected to close in the first quarter of 2005.
0	UN envoy says peace in south Sudan inevitable Sudan #39;s government and southern rebels have crossed the last bridge in efforts to end 21 years of war and peace is now inevitable, UN envoy for Sudan Jan Pronk said on Sunday.
2	EU Charges Four Countries Favor Intel  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - France, the Netherlands, Finland and  Sweden are violating European Union law by favoring chips made  by Intel over rival AMD when they buy computers, the European  Commission said in formal charges filed on Wednesday.
2	Cut by OPEC doesn #39;t slow the drop in crude #39;s price OPEC, worried by the recent downward spiral of crude prices, agreed to cut production by 1 million barrels a day at a Friday meeting in Cairo, Egypt, but rather than shoring up prices, the action created a sell-off.
2	FCC okays powerline Internet access The Federal Communications Commission has approved rules which it claims will encourage development of broadband access over power lines, a new technology that provides access to high speed broadband services using the nation #39;s power grid instead of phone 
3	Novell to defend open source software with patents Novell Inc. is prepared to use its portfolio of U.S. software patents to protect against patent lawsuits the open source software it ships, the company said in statements posted to the Novell.com Web site and in an e-mail sent to customers Tuesday.
2	SEC mulls expanding rules on execs #39; pay WASHINGTON - The Securities and Exchange Commission staff may propose expanding disclosure rules on executive pay to cover lower-paid executives including general counsels, a commission official said.
0	Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."  "200 billion dollars. That's what we are spending in Iraq because George Bush chose to go it alone," Kerry says in the ad, to start airing Monday in 13 competitive states where he is on the air...
0	Probe Into Yushchenko Poisoning Reopens (AP) AP - Ukrainian prosecutors Sunday reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
0	Playwright Created a Psychiatrist by Plagiarizing One, Accusers Say A criminal psychiatrist and a writer for The New Yorker have accused playwright Bryony Lavery of plagiarizing their work in her play "Frozen."
3	Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot;meticulous in his work.
1	'Future' Now for Hokies For Virginia Tech's corps of freshman wide receivers -- Josh Hyman, Eddie Royal, Josh Morgan and Justin Harper -- the future seems very much in the present.
2	PBS Selects Crystal City Location for Headquarters The Public Broadcasting Service said yesterday that it signed a deal to move its headquarters from Alexandria to Crystal City, where Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty has renovated offices and retail space to make the area more pedestrian-friendly and attract non-government tenants.
1	Sprewell wants trade if no deal is reached Latrell Sprewell says he #39;ll ask to be traded if the Minnesota Timberwolves don #39;t sign him to a contract extension by Wednesday night #39;s opener.
1	Sharapova takes out WTA Champs Maria Sharapova has capped off a brilliant season by defeating Serena Williams 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 to win the season-ending WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles.
2	UKS INSURANCE MAJOR TO OUTSOURCE 1,100 JOBS TO INDIA The shift would in all probability save the company more than 10 million pounds a year. The jobs would range from front and back office functions, including call centre posts.
2	UTStarcom 3Q Profit Down, Beats Estimate UTStarcom Inc. on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit plummeted, but beat Wall Street expectations. The networking products company reported earnings of \$5 million, or 4 cents per share, down from \$59.
2	Audit Body: Big 4 Firms Missed Problems (Reuters) Reuters - The Big Four accounting firms,\misinterpreting a nine-year old rule, wrongly let corporate\clients understate liabilities and distort their financial\health, the regulatory body for auditors said in a report on\Thursday.
1	Ancient Site a Throwback for Select Few Athletes THENS, Aug. 17 - Earlier this week, John Godina, a shot-putter from the United States, walked into the ancient stadium at Olympia, about 200 miles southwest of Athens, and the history he had studied in college came to life. 
3	Cassini beams images of Saturn #39;s moon This movie taken by the Cassini spacecraft shows the surface and atmosphere of Saturn #39;s moon Titan over a range of infrared wavelengths, from .
3	IT execs eye Firefox with hope The latest release of the open source Web browser Firefox has spurred millions of downloads and a groundswell of anti-Internet Explorer sentiment, but IT executives question the role Firefox will play in their enterprise environments.
2	Japan Shuts Citigroup Private Bank Unit Japan on Friday ordered Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) to close its Japanese private banking offices after uncovering a series of 
2	EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger The European Commission was wrong to bar the takeover bid by US telecoms firm WorldCom for rival Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the action taken four years ago.
1	Klitschko targets political fight next Vitali Klitschko said he wants to join the political fight in his native Ukraine after an emphatic defense of his World Boxing Council heavyweight title against Danny Williams on Saturday.
0	U.S. Men Set World Record, Without Phelps ATHENS, Greece - The United States won the men's 400-meter medley relay in world-record time Saturday night, giving Michael Phelps his record eighth medal of the Athens Olympics without him getting into the pool. Aaron Peirsol, Brendan Hansen, Ian Crocker and Jason Lezak won in 3 minutes, 30.68 seconds, lowering the old mark of 3:31.54 set by the Americans at last year's world championships in Barcelona, Spain...
1	WENGER GUNNING FOR MORE GLORY Arsene Wenger has pledged to remain Arsenal manager as long as he is able to continue the work he is doing now. Wenger has signed a three-year extension to his current deal that will keep him with the London outfit until 2008.
0	West, CW support Musharraf #39;s continuance in uniform: Rashid Most countries in the West and member nations of the Commonwealth believe that President Pervez Musharraf should continue as Pakistan #39;s army chief, claimed Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed.
3	Microsoft, HP pleased with results of .Net partnership The 2-year-old .Net joint initiative between Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard has produced \$600 million in revenue.
3	Earnings alert: EMC issues sunny report Plus: IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill...Nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...Adobe strong despite drop.
0	Terrorists threat puts Indonesia on high alert The island paradise Bali will be off limits this holiday season. If your travel plans include Indonesia, you would be wise to cancel your trip immediately.
0	Whales and dolphins beached in Australia More than 120 whales and dolphins died after swimming on to beaches on two southern Australian islands, where rescue teams were yesterday desperately trying to prevent others becoming stranded.
0	Britain confident of cut in Afghan drug output Britain, leading an uphill international battle to help curb Afghanistan #39;s massive narcotics #39; production, says it is fairly confident its strategy will show a reduction in output within a year.
2	Euro hits record high of 1.3336 dollars in European trade LONDON : The euro hit a new record high of 1.3336 dollars in European trading following publication of disappointing US consumer confidence data.
3	Locals Fight Wal-Mart Store Near Ancient Mexico Ruin (Reuters) Reuters - In the shadow of colossal\pyramids left by a great Mexican civilization, a Wal-Mart\rises, and some locals have gone to court to overturn its\approval.
3	Oracle Slams PeopleSoft Board on Takeover (AP) AP - Business software maker Oracle Corp. attacked the credibility and motives of PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors Monday, hoping to rally investor support as the 17-month takeover battle between the bitter business software rivals nears a climactic showdown.
2	Report: Delta to Slash Fares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No.  3 U.S. carrier which has been restructuring in efforts to avoid  a bankruptcy filing, is expected to slash fares and remove  restrictive rules such as Saturday-night stays, Time magazine  reported in its online edition on Sunday.
1	 #39;There Goes the WOLFPACK!... #39; Delivering a little payback for a loss last season, Kansas defeats Nevada 85-52 in Allen Fieldhouse. Links and images inside. Kansas forward Wayne Simien (23) looks for the basket after getting past Nevada 
0	Hundreds Held Hostage at Russian School, UN Demands Their Freedom The UN Security Council has strongly condemned the seizure of up to 400 people at a school in Russia, as the tense standoff enters its second day Thursday.
1	Indians clean up with sweep The Indians #39; bullpen has struggled this season, 27 blown saves in 58 opportunities, but it was impeccable on Wednesday night. Five Cleveland relievers combined 
2	China to strive for prudent, stable fiscal, monetary policies in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - China #39;s leaders have wrapped up a key economic meeting pledging to strive for stable economic growth next year with an emphasis on quality and efficiency rather than simply a high growth rate.
3	Customer Service: The Hunt for a Human In the Internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. Some companies no longer disclose phone numbers. But some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
1	Dementieva Beats Bovina in France (AP) AP - Top-seeded Elena Dementieva won the last five games to come back and beat Elena Bovina 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 Sunday in the WTA Tour's latest all-Russian final to win the Gaz de France Stars tournament.
2	At peace with Microsoft, Sun chief whips off the gloves over Red Hat Sun Microsystems Inc.'s combative chief executive, Scott McNealy, fresh from resolving his long-running quarrel with archrival Microsoft Corp. , has found a new target for his wrath: Linux software maker Red Hat Inc.
2	Dollar Edges Down on Doubts Over Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down on Friday after  soft U.S. manufacturing data fueled the view that the Federal  Reserve may slow or even temporarily halt its tightening  campaign.
0	Egypt Demands Israel Explain Killing of 3 Policemen  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt protested angrily to Israel on  Thursday and demanded a full explanation for what it called  irresponsible Israeli conduct after an Israeli tank crew killed  three Egyptian policemen at the Egyptian-Gaza border.
3	HP hands Itanium to Intel HP has ended its development of the Itanium chip and handed the work back to Intel. The chip giant has taken over HP #39;s 300-strong Itanium development team, based in Colorado, in a move that brings to an end 
2	ECONOMY WEEKAHEAD-All Eyes on US Jobs Report US jobs data will be the biggest show in town next week as speculation mounts as to whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in September.
1	Busch On Pole For Finale HOMESTEAD - All five of the Nextel Cup championship contenders have vowed to be on the offensive this weekend. Kurt Busch converted words into actions Friday, winning the pole for Sunday #39;s championship-deciding 
0	Malaysia testing 3 people for bird flu; says outbreak isolated KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Malaysian officials on Saturday were testing three people who fell ill in a village hit by the deadly H5N1 bird flu strain, after international health officials warned that the virus appeared to be entrenched in parts of ...
2	Q amp;A: Why UK radio groups want to merge The agreed merger between two of the UK #39;s biggest commercial radio groups, Capital Radio and GWR, signals an era of change in the radio industry.
1	Utah St. 71, BYU 57 Nate Harris scored 26 points and Spencer Nelson had 14 points and 11 rebounds in Utah State #39;s 71-57 victory over BYU on Wednesday night.
2	Healthscope sets sights on ailing Gribbles The board of The Gribbles Group is expected to decide within days whether to recommend that shareholders accept a takeover offer that values the diagnostics company at up to \$270 million 
1	Yao Ming and Rockets arrive in Shanghai for NBA #39;s first games in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Declaring himself  quot;here on business, quot; hometown favorite Yao Ming joined Tracy McGrady and the rest of the Houston Rockets on Tuesday as they prepared for a pair of exhibition games against the Sacramento Kings -- the first NBA games played in China.
0	West Nile 'causes lasting damage' Being infected with severe West Nile Virus can cause long-term health problems, a study has found.
2	Unocal to pay villagers, fund improvements to settle rights case LOS ANGELES - Unocal Corp. will settle a human rights case filed over a pipeline in Southeast Asia by paying villagers and funding improvements to living conditions along the project route, lawyers on both sides said Monday.
0	A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Nov. 24, 2004, at least 1,230 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 961 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
2	Wolfensohn's Chance at 3rd Term Unclear World Bank President James D. Wolfensohn would like to make one thing clear as he approaches the end of his second five-year term:  "I can say categorically, I am not campaigning" for a third stint as head of the agency, he declared.
3	House takes aim at identity thieves Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
0	EU agrees to lift arms embargo on Libya The ambassadors of the European Union (EU) member states agreed here Wednesday to lift the bloc #39;s 18-year-long arms embargo on Libya.
2	Intrawest posts Q1 loss as revenue drops VANCOUVER (CP) - Intrawest Corp. lost money in its fiscal first quarter as sales dipped, though the Ski resort operator said the drop was expected a year after it made gains on the sales of certain resort properties the company had developed.
2	British Airways to sell Qantas stake, expand in Europe LONDON (CBS.MW) -- British Airways (UK:BAY) (BAB) Wednesday said it #39;s planning to sell its 18.25 percent stake in Qantas as it seeks funds to expand in Europe.
3	Mediacom will offer Sprint service Mediacom customers in the Quad-Cities soon will be able to add home telephone service to the television subscription and high-speed Internet services already available from the company.
3	Oracle to PeopleSoft: Redeem Poison Pill (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. on Monday said it has\asked Peoplesoft Inc.'s board of directors to immediately\redeem the company's poison pill, two days after 61 percent of\PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock for Oracle's\ #36;24-a-share hostile offer.
2	Conoco Wins \$2 Billion LUKOIL Stake  MOSCOW (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was  seeking 20 percent of Russia's LUKOIL in a far-reaching  alliance which opens the way for the oil majors to tap vast  reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.
2	Dell makes it official, chooses NC for facility WINSTON SALEM, NC - Dell announced today it is adding to its US manufacturing operations with a third location, to be placed in the Triad area of North Carolina.
2	Stocks Set for Lower Open, Earnings Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were seen opening lower on  Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; said  quarterly profit fell, while a brokerage downgrade on  bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; could hurt technology  stocks.
3	Microsoft scoffs at  #39;10 new XP SP2 flaws #39; According to the security company, the flaws mean that  quot;attackers can silently and remotely take over an SP2 machine when the user simply browses a web page quot;.
2	Hershey Profit Up, to Sell Cookies (Reuters) Reuters - Chocolate maker Hershey Foods Corp.\ on Thursday posted a higher-than-expected 16 percent\rise in quarterly profit and said it will get into the cookie\business.
0	Doubts Increase Over Myanmar Democracy Plans Myanmar #39;s military junta has pledged to stick by its  quot;roadmap to democracy, quot; but analysts said on Friday what little credibility the plan had has been shattered by the purge 
1	Batista #39;s double ends three streaks After going hitless in his previous 23 at-bats, Tony Batista came through at the perfect time for the Montreal Expos. Batista hit a one-out RBI double in the 12th inning and the Expos ended 
2	NZ PRESS: Telecom Denies AAPT Consumer Unit Is For Sale WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Telecom Corp. (TEL.NZ), New Zealand #39;s biggest fixed line phone company, has denied its AAPT consumer business in Australia is on the market, the New Zealand Press Association reported.
1	Megson plans to leave West Brom after season Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich Albion coach Gary Megson will not re-sign with the club when his contract runs out on June 30, 2005.
0	Sunni clerics threaten election boycott Baghdad -- A group representing thousands of Sunni Arab mosques around the country said Wednesday that it would call for a boycott of the elections in January if the US military and the Iraqi government continued the military operations around the 
3	NASA explores space system companies A partnership between The Boeing Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation has been created to compete for NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle for Project Constellation, a planned 
1	The top banana, Belichick, slips up FOXBOROUGH -- After Bill Belichick won his 20th consecutive game, he told the world how lousy he coached in yesterday's 30-20 win over the Seahawks, which ran his record this season to 5-0.
3	Search Upstart Launches New Web Site By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc...
3	PC home entertainment options pushed LOS ANGELES -- Computer companies have been trying for several years to convince consumers that their next PC should also be their hub for home entertainment.
1	Sadler Wins Race, Clinches Spot in Top 10 (AP) AP - Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season and all but wrapped up a spot in the NASCAR's new championship playoff Sunday night at California Speedway.
3	Cisco property-to-be sniffs out spam 'zombies' P-Cube, soon to be acquired by the networking giant, adds feature to help broadband service providers fight "zombie" e-mail attacks.
3	Japan Battered as Asian Typhoons Take Unusual Turn (Reuters) Reuters - Trees bent over sharply in angry winds,\rain lashing empty streets, and mammoth waves battering\breakwaters -- all scenes that have been commonplace in Japan\this summer, the worst typhoon season on record.
3	Napster creator develops Snocap Napster was a revolutionary product. It practically gave birth to the p2p industry on the Internet. It has lead to a stage that big corporations of the music industry are practically scared of losing a major chunk of their business from this phenomenon.
3	IBM Plans Web Meeting Service; Takes Aim at WebEx  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM plans to offer Web-conferencing as  a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach small and  medium-sized business customers while taking on more  established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
3	PeopleSoft exec: We pumped up earnings The company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings--a ploy to exaggerate profits, Oracle lawyers say.
3	Fearing risk, NASA shifts path of craft near Saturn Scientists are taking extra care to ensure the landing of Cassinis Huygens probe on a moon in January. Scientists studying Saturn with the Cassini spacecraft have tweaked their planned route, an effort 
1	Browns Place Winslow on Injured List Rookie tight end Kellen Winslow Jr., out for the season with a broken right leg, was placed on the Cleveland Browns' crowded injured reserve list Thursday.
2	Stock Fund Inflow Slows To  #36;9.46 Bil (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Despite a sagging stock market, investors put  #36;9.46 billion into stock mutual funds in July.
1	Colts can #39;t win it all History says they cant do this. History says the Indianapolis Colts cant win a championship in a league where offense sells tickets and defense wins Super Bowls.
3	IBM in Voice Services Deal With Lloyds International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it will provide voice and data services to British financial-services company Lloyds TSB Group PLC for seven years in a deal worth \$971.6 million.
0	Statements by Powell About Taiwan Provoke a Diplomatic Dispute Chinese officials praised Secretary of State Colin L. Powell on Wednesday for warning Taiwan that it is not an independent nation and should not seek to become one.
2	PeopleSoft Board Rejects Oracle Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker\PeopleSoft Inc. on Saturday said its board again rejected\Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion tender offer, remaining defiant a\day after most of its shares were tendered to Oracle.
1	Fernando Alonso: A job well done The Spaniard didnt quite repeat last years achievement, but his Hungarian podium left him satisfied all the same.
1	Jacobsen Skips Hartford to Play Tradition (AP) AP - Last year, Peter Jacobsen was too young to play in the Tradition. This year, he has already won a major on the Champions Tour as he readies for his debut in the tournament he helped bring to his home state.
2	Oil tumbles back below \$54 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices tumbled Wednesday after a report showing a bigger jump in crude oil inventories than traders and analysts had been expecting.
2	US and Europe play blame game over dollar Europe and the US kept up a war of words over the sliding US dollar at a G20 meeting of rich and developing nations over the weekend, blaming each other for the currency #39;s fall and avoiding new steps or rhetoric to halt it.
1	Hill's goal to play active role They are 22 years old, rookies barely out of their junior years at Miami and Louisiana State, but one is already starting for the defending Super Bowl champions, while the other is trying to break through the group of young defensive ends in front of him.
1	Receiver expected to miss game Pittsburgh Steelers: Wide receiver Plaxico Burress (hamstring) was downgraded from questionable to out for Saturday #39;s game at the Giants.
0	Wave machine Hurricane Ivan produces Caribbean swell Surfersvillage Global Surf News, 08 September 2004: - - Hurricane Ivan pounded the islands of the southeastern Caribbean yesterday.
3	Alcatel Says Closing in on China 3G Mobile Deal (Reuters) Reuters - French telecoms equipment maker\Alcatel is nearing a deal with a Chinese peer on cooperating to\build third-generation (3G) mobile phone networks using a\Chinese technology standard, a senior executive said.
2	Court will hear case on cable Net access WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to consider whether cable companies must open their high-speed lines to rival Internet providers.
2	Office Depot Cuts Outlook Office Depot Inc. lowered its earnings expectations for the third quarter and for the year, citing lower sales because of hurricane disruptions and soft European business. The price of its stock fell more than 7 percent on the news.
3	Natl Geographic Film Fest Gives Voice to Unsung Cultures This week the National Geographic All Roads Film Festival showcases indigenous filmmakers. Among the films, an Iranian documentary set in a public restroom, where women remove their veils, smoke, and discuss everything from drugs to sex to religion.
2	Caterpillar, UAW Resume Contract Talks Heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. (CAT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) came away empty-handed on Thursday after meeting face-to-face with the United Auto Workers for the first time since workers rejected a company offer in August.
2	Electrolux issues profit warning Electrolux shares have tumbled after the world #39;s largest maker of consumer electronics said profit in the second half of 2004 will be less than forecast.
1	Miller Wins World Cup Downhill Race Bode Miller of the United States blasts down the course on his way to winning the men #39;s World Cup downhill ski race in Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada, on Saturday Nov. 27, 2004.
2	Telekom Malaysia To Buy 27.3 Of Indonesia Excelcomindo KUALA LUMPUR (Dow Jones)--Telekom Malaysia Bhd. (4863.KU) late Thursday said it will buy a 27.3 stake in Indonesia #39;s PT Excelcomindo Pratama for \$314 million in cash.
2	US Files Grievance Over Airbus With WTO The Bush administration dramatically escalated a dispute with the European Union yesterday by filing one of the biggest complaints in World Trade Organization history, accusing European governments 
2	SEC says AIG public statements misleading AIG said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has accused it of engaging in a pattern of  quot;misleading quot; public statements about a controversial accounting product 
3	US cracks down on spam mountain John Ashcroft, the attorney General of the US, is expected to announce on Thursday dozens of lawsuits against alleged spammers following a low key campaign against the practise across the US.
0	Poe, Philippine Actor Who Ran for President, Dies  MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine movie legend Fernando Poe  Jr., who came close to unseating Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in  May's presidential election, died on Tuesday after suffering a  stroke, his family said.
0	Edwards Addresses Black Caucus in D.C. (AP) AP - The nation has faced innumerable challenges in its history  #151; social, medical and political  #151; but the American spirit always bounces back, Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards said Saturday.
1	Don #39;t blame Manuel, yet You walk around feeling like your team is messing this up, that they #39;re doing it wrong, that the Phillies are doomed to unending futility - even when they do something right.
0	US Group Seeks to Defuse Venezuela Funding Row &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Washington-basedpro-democracy group said on Thursday it wanted to defuse a rowwith leftist President Hugo Chavez, who has accused the U.S.Congress-funded organization of backing efforts to topple him.&lt;/p&gt;
0	Americans Should Push For Strong, Political Response to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The essence of genocide, under international law, is the intentional physical destruction of a group; the intent can be to destroy the group in whole or in substantial part.
2	Citigroup Sues Italy Over Parmalat Bankruptcy Case (Update3) Citigroup Inc., the biggest creditor of Parmalat Finanziaria SpA, sued Italy for its handling of the foodmaker #39;s bankruptcy, saying the restructuring violated its rights as a lender owed almost 540 million euros (\$665 million).
1	Expos Fans Say Farewell at Shea Stadium (AP) AP - Joe Palau had an advantage over most Montreal Expos fans who wanted to say goodbye at the team's last game.
3	AT amp;T Lowers Price on Internet Calling Service AT amp;T Corp (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other suppliers.
0	Roman Catholic Church furious over Spain #39;s gay marriage plan Spain #39;s cabinet proposed legislation Friday that would allow same-sex couples to marry and gays to adopt children, pressing ahead with its liberal agenda despite vociferous opposition from the influential Roman Catholic Church.
3	NTT DoCOMo, IBM and Intel team up to secure mobile devices NTT DoCoMo, Intel and IBM have published a jointly developed security specification called the Trusted Mobile Platform. It aims to provide an end-to-end security architecture for mobile wireless devices, including 
1	A Physical Stretch Physical defense and a defiant attitude has fueled the Mystics' four-game winning streak and rise to playoff contention.
3	New spec uses Web services to manage remote data center &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft, Sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the WS-Management specification, which spells out how data centers can use Web services 
1	American Hoopsters No One's Dream Anymore  ATHENS (Reuters) - The days of U.S. domination of the  Olympic basketball tournament are over and so, it appears, is  the fans' love affair with the American Dream Team.
2	Guidant Profit Up on Defibrillator Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday its quarterly net profit rose,  helped by sales of implantable devices to treat irregular heart  rhythms.
1	Australia Salvages Late Draw with U.S. Women in Soccer  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's "Matildas" salvaged a 1-1  draw against the United States at the Athens Olympics on  Tuesday to join the Americans in the last eight of the women's  soccer tournament.
1	'Monday Night Football' Rankles FCC (AP) AP - The nation's chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABC's "Monday Night Football" broadcast.
3	US Air Force launches a GPS satellite The US Air Force launched a global positioning system satellite Saturday from Cape Canaveral, Fla. It was the 12th successful launch of the new-generation GPS IIR spacecraft.
1	NL notables After Randy Johnson of the Diamondbacks struck out Vinny Castilla in the seventh for career whiff No. 4,137, play was interrupted momentarily while the scoreboard flashed the statistics.
1	NBA Returns To Charlotte; Bobcats Lose Opener CHARLOTTE -- To help fans forget the departure of the Hornets, the NBA brought Commissioner David Stern and rapper Nelly to Charlotte to roll out a red -- or orange -- carpet for the Bobcats.
3	Security: End users are your first line of defense My column is dedicated to training and education issues for IT professionals but how much do we think about training for end users, particularly educating users to be security-aware?
1	Pacers 106, T-wolves 102 INDIANAPOLIS - Another improbable win has the Pacers brimming with confidence. And Indiana has Jamaal Tinsley to thank for that. The guard scored 20 points, recorded 14 assists and grabbed seven rebounds to 
0	Iranian cleric upbeat on closure of nuclear case A top Iranian cleric expressed optimism Friday that Iran #39;s nuclear case might not be referred to the United Nations Security Council, the official IRNA news agency reported.
1	Soldering plays Spadea next LYON, France -- Robin Soderling made sure none of the top four seeds would reach the semifinals of the Lyon Tennis Grand Prix. Soderling upset the highest seed remaining, No.
3	Naming Mount St. Helens New Dome Confusing (AP) AP - A dome by any other name would erupt so strong. But, alas, what's in a name might have tormented Shakespeare as it has even the most savvy of scientists.
2	McDonald #39;s Same-Store Sales Rise in Nov. McDonald #39;s Corp. said Thursday that global comparable-restaurant sales, or sales at restaurants open at least 13 months, rose 4.2 percent in November.
0	Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.
2	BlackRock Paying \$375 Million for State Street Research MetLife expects the transaction to have a positive impact to net income of between \$145 million and \$165 million. Shares of New York-based BlackRock, an investment management firm, rose \$1.
0	Afghan vote count finally ends with Karzai a landslide winner (AFP) AFP - Afghanistan's protracted election vote count finally drew to a close with President Hamid Karzai the landslide victor, but an official declaration of his win still awaited the verdict of a fraud probe.
3	Major browsers bitten by security bugs What do Internet Explorer, Mozilla's browsers, and Opera all have in common? Bugs.
1	Huskies cite  #39;dirty #39; hit in Milsten injury When an injury occurs, coaches and players generally pass it off using the age-old adage:  quot;That #39;s football. quot;. However, Dan Milsten #39;s fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during Saturday #39;s Washington-Oregon 
3	JPEG Attack Watch Continues Windows #39; JPEG vulnerability could be exploited by using Internet Explorer, a security firm claimed Wednesday, making the threat a potentially  quot;devastating quot; one.
3	Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster.com is dropping support for the authentication service.
3	Yahoo, Adobe join hands Adobe Systems, the digital imaging, design and document technology platform provider and Internet service provider Yahoo will announce this week the launch of a co-branded Yahoo Toolbar.
2	Best Buy 2Q Earnings Rise on Cost Controls (AP) AP - Consumer electronics retailer Best Buy Co. said Wednesday that second-quarter earnings rose on cost controls and improved margins to beat Wall Street expectations.
2	News Corp shareholders okay US reincorporation MUMBAI: The Rupert Murodch owned media conlgomerate News Corporation has announced that its shareholders and optionholders have approved the companys reincorporation in the US.
0	Clashes before Hoon #39;s visit to Iraq Three Iraqis have been killed in clashes in Ramadi while six Iraqi civilians and two US soldiers were wounded after a bomb targeting a US convoy exploded in southern Baghdad.
2	Mortgage Applications Rise Last Week -MBA (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\rose last week along with mortgage refinancings as 30-year\mortgage rates eased to their lowest levels in six months, an\industry group said on Wednesday.
0	Italian women kidnapped in raid on relief agency BAGHDADGunmen kidnapped two Italian women working for an aid agency and two Iraqis in broad daylight in central Baghdad yesterday.
2	Germany in 3.1bn Telekom sell-off THE German government has sold a 6.3 per cent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom, raising up to 3.1 billion to help cut its growing budget deficit.
3	Gadget show heralds MP3 season Some gadget lovers might be disappointed this Christmas as experts predict a shortage of iPod minis.
2	Honda to build SUV in Ohio Honda of America Manufacturing Inc. said Tuesday that it will build a new Acura sport utility vehicle in Ohio. Production on the new model, for Honda #39;s luxury marquee Acura brand, will begin in 2006.
3	The Internet electric Will a new set of FCC rules for broadband over power lines bring the Internet to millions more homes? On Friday, proponents of broadband Internet service over power lines hailed a recent decision by the US 
0	REGION: Iran says European position at N-talks still unacceptable TEHRAN: Iran is still unable to accept some positions of European countries in crucial talks on its nuclear programme at the UN atomic agency, but an agreement remains possible, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi said on Saturday.
3	Last Chance Until 2007: Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight! (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch Earth's shadow consume a blood-red Moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.
1	Henry rebuts critics France and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry has refuted critics of his national squad #39;s current poor run of form. Critics have wondered why the former FIFA Footballer of the Year and current top-performer in 
2	Liquor giant makes move for Mondavi SAN FRANCISCO Constellation Brands, a big player in the beer, wine and liquor business, says it has bid 970 (m) million dollars for California-based winemaker Robert Mondavi.
0	State Dept. Warns of Violence in Laos (AP) AP - The State Department is advising Americans traveling or living in Laos to take precautions and avoid areas likely to be hit by continuing violence.
2	Grass study adds to worry on genes NEW YORK A new study shows that genes from genetically engineered grass can spread much farther than previously known, a finding that raises questions about the straying of other plants altered through biotechnology.
3	Kazaa trial highlights P2P dangers The ongoing civil trial involving P2P file sharing network Kazaa highlights the risks corporates face by not locking down employees #39; desktop applications, say security experts.
1	Fixing racing #39;s biggest problem The arrest of 16 people, including champion jockey Kieren Fallon, in an investigation into horse race fixing is clearly very embarrassing for the sport.
3	Next Space Station Crew Ready for Flight Two veteran astronauts are enjoying their last week on Earth before rocketing into space for a six-month stay aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
1	Which UNC team will show up against 18th-ranked Tech? North Carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the Tar Heels. Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer says only one of those results merits 
3	NASA to Track Odd Explosions NASA plans to launch a new space telescope later this month capable of spinning around at a moment #39;s notice to catch sight of the elusive, brief and powerful explosions that send blasts of light and radiation screaming through our universe every day.
3	Sip and Burn at Starbucks Starbucks has not addressed an important question regarding its  #39;Hear Music #39; service: Do HP Tablet PCs, crumbly scones and hot liquid go together?
3	Electronic Passports Might Not Measure Up The United States hasn't issued any microchip-equipped passports yet, but as the Department of State tests different prototypes, the international standards for the passports are under fire from privacy advocates who worry the technology won't protect travelers from identity thieves.
3	States Hit by Hurricane See Oyster Losses (AP) AP - Oyster reefs in Alabama suffered severe damage from Hurricane Ivan's wave surge, which flushed out an estimated 80 percent of the  #36;4 million crop, disrupting the livelihood of some 200 oystermen who work the reefs in winter.
3	Library Exhibit Traces Impact of Isaac Newton By MALCOLM RITTER     NEW YORK (AP) -- If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein.     "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society...
3	New Images Reveal Clouds on Planet Uranus (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - New images of the planet Uranus reveal more diversity in cloud features than ever seen before.
1	France given rough ride What seemed an ideal time to be playing France turned out to be exactly that. In fact with a shade more composure in front of goal the Republic of Ireland might even have 
2	Russia Pursues Contested Yukos Sale Description: Russian officials make it clear they plan to proceed with an auction of oil company Yukos #39; main production unit, despite a restraining order from a US court.
3	Flaw in Firefox fixed THE MOZILLA FOUNDATION has announced that a hole in its Firefox software has been patched. Firefox suffers from a vulnerability that could allow hackers to delete all the files in the Download directory.
2	Venezuela's Chavez Wins Recall Referendum  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum on his divisive  rule in a vote backed on Monday by international observers who  found no "element of fraud."
3	Search Engine Giving Away \$5 Million in Advertising Search Engine Giving Away \$5 Million in Advertising\\Search engine Tygo.com hit the Internet today with an unusual marketing approach that matches its unusual advertising model. The new search engine is giving away \$5,000,000 in advertising through its Flat Rate Placement program to introduce advertisers to its new advertising model. Tygo.com ...
3	Clampdown on music pirates London - An international music industry group said on Thursday it was launching hundreds of lawsuits across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the internet.
3	Uncertain Landscape Ahead for Copyright Protection (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In the final few weeks before the 2004 election, lobbyists for high-tech, entertainment and civil liberties interests were crammed into an icy room in the Dirksen Senate office building, trying to hammer out a bill that would have put Internet song-swapping networks like Kazaa and eDonkey out of business.
2	The Coming Week: Street Fight With the Republican National Convention kicking off on Monday and a slew of economic reports due out in the week ahead, investors could be in for some rough sledding.
2	Eye On Stocks For Wednesday, Sept. 1 A much-watched Alzheimer #39;s medicine Forest Laboratories (nyse: FRX - news - people ) was developing with Germany #39;s Merz failed to show a statistically significant benefit in a clinical trial.
2	Layovers getting longer as US airlines struggle The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting through Dallas/Fort Worth now 
3	Following trend, Oracle sets schedule for patches Releases dates of quarterly bulletins for 2005 to allow companies to better plan system updates.
0	Assembly to debate Musharraf role Pakistan #39;s national assembly is due to debate whether President Pervez Musharraf should serve both as president and armed forces chief.
3	IBM Net Flat; Sees Strong Fourth Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\ on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed\down by a legal settlement, but said fourth-quarter results\would be better than expected, and its shares rose 2.3 percent.
0	Putin says terror attacks in Iraq target Bush #39;s re-election bid Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.
1	New Jersey Now Tries to Lure the Mets from NYC  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New Jersey, which tried for years but  failed to win the Yankees baseball team from New York City, now  has set its sights on the city's other baseball team, the Mets,  who play in Shea Stadium in Queens.
0	Bombers penetrate Green Zone Bombers in Baghdad took the war to the very heart of United States power in Iraq yesterday with two blasts inside the supposedly impregnable Green Zone, killing five civilians, including three US nationals, and injuring at least 20.
3	Calif. Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.
3	Yahoo Rolls Out Tests of Redesigned Start Pages (Reuters) Reuters - Online media company Yahoo Inc.\ late on Monday rolled out tests of redesigned start\pages for its popular Yahoo.com and My.Yahoo.com sites.
1	Heras wins Spanish Vuelta again Roberto Heras of Spain won his second straight Spanish Vuelta, one of cycling #39;s top races. Heras, who also captured this event in 2000, finished fourth in Sunday #39;s final leg, an 18-mile time trial in Madrid.
1	Middle management TORONTO -- The life of the setup reliever, lived to the fullest here last night by Mike Timlin, is rarely rewarded in the box score with the capital S' (as in save, or seal of approval).
1	Ravens beaten at home Like their leader Ray Lewis, the Ravens were pushed around, punched and left bloodied. The Ravens #39; 27-24 loss to the previously winless Kansas City Chiefs on Monday night at 
3	IBM buys into project management Big Blue plans to beef up its Rational suite of development tools with technology it will gain through its acquisition of Systemcorp.
3	RIAA Files 750 Infringement Suits The Recording Industry Association of America yesterday (Oct. 28) brought a new round of copyright-infringement lawsuits against 750 file sharers, including 25 users on 13 university campuses.
1	Typhoon bears down on Japanese Grand Prix SUZUKA (Japan) - Michael Schumacher led the wet Friday practice for the Japanese Grand Prix with teams casting a wary eye to the skies with a typhoon approaching.
1	Titans close out season on a high NASHVILLE -- Billy Volek threw for 175 yards and a touchdown before being knocked out of the game in the fourth quarter, and the Tennessee Titans held on for a 24-19 victory over the Detroit Lions yesterday to snap a five-game skid.
0	Greek duo could miss drugs hearing Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou may not be fit enough to attend the hearing into their missed drugs test.
1	Oh, Canada: Weir just can't hang on Already No. 1 in the world, Vijay Singh felt like Public Enemy No. 1 in Canada.
3	The Fight is Finished October 18, 2004 - Tecmo announced today that Dead or Alive Ultimate has officially gone gold. This means, of course, that production work on the deluxe, Live-enabled, Xbox-exclusive DOA extravaganza is now complete.
0	Spaniard Jailed for 6 Years in Madrid Bomb Trial (Reuters) Reuters - A 16-year-old Spaniard was sentenced to\six years in a juvenile detention center on Tuesday after he\pleaded guilty to charges he helped steal and transport\dynamite used in the March 11 Madrid train bombings.
1	Wilson on top at Texas Open San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - Dean Wilson shot a five-under 65 on Friday to move into the lead at the halfway point of the Texas Open.
0	Hambali's brother found guilty The brother of an alleged militant leader is sentenced to four years jail for helping to fund a Jakarta bomb attack.
3	Katie Couric qualifies as 'Blue Ribbon' working mom (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - On Katie Couric's busy schedule, the phone interview about her new children's book was set for 4:30 p.m., about 12 hours after she had left for work as co-host of NBC's Today. When she called at 5, she was apologetic and explained she had forgotten that one of her daughters had a volleyball game. So while rushing to the game on the Upper East Side, Couric called by cell phone. She laughed and said, "I'm trying to multitask."
3	The New Silicon Valley: A Dog-Eat-Dog World Oracle's attempted takeover of PeopleSoft can be seen as a harbinger of many more in a mature industry.
2	Eisner to yield Disney helm in 2006 CEO who once led company to industry glory has found himself under fire in recent years. LONDON -- Michael Eisner, who led the Walt Disney Co.
0	Guite says he never checked if ad firms fulfilled sponsorship contracts (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The former head of the federal sponsorship program says he never checked to ensure ad agencies were fulfilling their contract terms and weren't overbilling the government.
3	Munch museum tightens security Oslo #39;s Munch Museum will stay closed till the middle of next year to secure its masterpieces with glass bolted onto the walls after robbers stole  quot;The Scream quot; by pulling it off the wall and walking out the front door.
2	Sony to pay \$40m to end patent dispute Sony and Ampex have agreed to end their dispute over a patent covering thumbnail images in digital image storage and retrieval devices.
1	Zidane sidelined for three weeks after dislocating shoulder Zinedine Zidane is expected to be out of action for three weeks after dislocating his right shoulder during Real Madrid #39;s 3-0 loss to Bayer Leverkusen, the Spanish team said Thursday.
2	Wasserstein Files Lazard IPO Plan With Regulators (Update3) Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard LLC, filed today to sell \$850 million of shares of the largest closely held investment banking partnership, moving toward a resolution of a feud between two powers of the financial world.
0	Kidnapped Turkish engineer killed in Afghanistan Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. KABUL, Afghanistan -- A Turkish engineer taken hostage in Afghanistan was killed by kidnappers who had been 
3	Netgear unveils 48-port Gigabit smart switch With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
1	Hughes leaves a void Ian Walsh Mark Hughes #39; decision to take the Blackburn job is bad news for Wales, there #39;s no doubt about that. Mark has brought a lot of dignity back to Welsh football, taking us up from around 100 in the world rankings 
3	Ireland launches phone fraud crackdown Regulators are trying to prevent scams caused by software that computer users may not even know is on their PCs.
1	BC's Lee was a little late getting started College football is big business, but there is still room for players such as Boston College fullback Everett Lee.
1	Australia v Pakistan first test scoreboard  Cricket-Kiwis recall Tuffey for one-day series v Sri Lanka December 15, 2004 03:47:28 WELLINGTON, Dec 16 (Reuters) - Seam bowler Daryl Tuffey was recalled to the New Zealand squad on Thursday for the one-day series with Sri Lanka which starts later 
0	Berlusconi hair mystery revealed by Italian surgeon (AFP) AFP - The mystery of Silvio Berlusconi's rapper-style bandana was explained when plastic surgeon Piero Rosati told the Milan daily Corriere della Sera that he had performed a hair transplant operation on the Italian prime minister.
2	British companies  quot;shut out quot; in lucrative European contracts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; British companies have been discriminated in winning lucrative public contracts in European Union countries, according to a report on Monday commissioned by the Treasury.
0	Gunmen Attack Samarra Police Headquarters (AP) AP - Gunmen attacked the police headquarters in Samarra on Wednesday, killing an Iraqi policemen and a child who was caught in the cross fire, a police official said.
1	Miami (FL) Hurricanes MIAMI (Ticker) -- For the third straight game, No. 5 Miami #39;s special teams were magical against Louisiana Tech. Redshirt sophomore Devin Hester returned two punts for touchdowns to highlight the Hurricanes #39; 48-0 thrashing of the Bulldogs.
3	HP Tapped for \$290 Million Defense Logistics Agency Contract PALO ALTO, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 15, 2004 -- HP (NYSE:HPQ)(Nasdaq:HPQ) today announced that it has been awarded a 10-year contract worth \$290 million by the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), an agency of the US Department of Defense.
2	Temasek reveals earnings for first time SINGAPORE Temasek Holdings earned 7.4 billion Singapore dollars, or \$4.4 billion, in the last fiscal year, the Singapore government investment company said Tuesday, revealing details of its financial performance for the first time in its 30-year history.
1	Season Over for Cardinals' Shipp  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - The Arizona Cardinals  placed running back Marcel Shipp and fullback James Hodgins on  injured reserve Wednesday night, effectively ending their  seasons.
2	Australia #39;s Telstra announces details of A\$750 million share &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY: Australia #39;s dominant telecommunications firm, Telstra, has unveiled details of a 750 million dollar (532 million US) off-market share buy-back as part of a three-year, 4.5 billion dollar capital management program.
1	Tomjanovich, Lakers have a big night The Lakers blew a 22-point lead they held in the third quarter but still managed to give Tomjanovich a win over his former team. In an emotional pregame ceremony, Tomjanovich was honored 
2	China pledges stable money policy Chinese leaders have closed a key economic meeting with pledges to maintain stable fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and keep a tight lid on fixed-asset investment.
0	2 Indonesians held in Iraq BAGHDAD - Two Indonesian women working for an electricity firm are among 10 new hostages reported seized by militants in Iraq. The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed footage yesterday in which a group called 
1	Slick Nick on victory trail EIGHT years after his last win. The six-time Major winner fired a bogey-free seven-under-par 65 at the Hong Kong Open to stand in joint-second place after three rounds.
2	Krispy Kreme results have holes Krispy Kreme #39;s quarterly results fell sharply for the third consecutive quarter as sluggish sales and an intensifying government investigation raised concerns yesterday about whether the glaze was permanently off the once-hot pastry maker.
1	Bayern striker Santa Cruz ruled out with knee injury Bayern Munich striker Roque Santa Cruz will be out of action for up to six weeks because of a knee injury, the Bundesliga club said on Friday.
0	Media wary, Russians sceptical of Beslan coverage For three days last week, the Russian media covered the school hostage drama in Beslan along new Kremlin-approved lines. The highly selective reporting that resulted 
3	TVland a little bewildering Buying a new television used to straightforward: It was simply a matter of deciding how large you wanted the screen to be. Today, however, the purchase process has become much more complex as the 107-year-old 
1	WADA Chief Calls for Hearing Into Jones Doping  LONDON (Reuters) - World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick  Pound has called for a hearing into allegations former Olympic  sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids.
1	Manager's image is sharper He was the dumbest guy in New England. Terry Fran-coma. Gomer Pyle in the dugout. Chewing that giant wad of stuff, making it look like he had a golf ball in his cheek. Not bunting. Not playing smallball. And taking the blame for every mistake his players made.
3	VERITAS extends its reach, support and solution sets with Volante Sydney, Australia, October 19, 2004 VERITAS Software, the leading provider of enterprise storage software, has signed an Elite Partnership agreement with leading Australian owned IT Company, Volante.
1	Lampard closing in on Henry IT has been touted as the biggest game of the season so far when some of the Actim Index #39;s star performers lock horns as Arsenal host leaders Chelsea at Highbury tomorrow.
1	NFL, Williams to Meet Retired Miami tailback Ricky Williams and his attorney have scheduled a meeting with the NFL to discuss the possibility of the former Heisman trophy winner's return.
3	Calif. to Sue Diebold Over False Claims (Reuters) Reuters - California Attorney General Bill\Lockyer said on Tuesday he would sue electronic voting machine\maker Diebold Inc.  on charges it defrauded the state\with false claims about its products.
2	Oil price hits \$US50 a barrel Crude oil futures hit \$US50 in electronic after-hours trade in New York, setting a new record as supply worries intensified. In regular trading the November benchmark contract for light sweet crude on the 
0	Putin calls for elimination of elections for key posts Portraying it as a means of combating terrorism, Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday outlined a plan to eliminate popular elections of governors and individual 
0	Postal worker jailed for stealing letters -- 133,000 of them (AFP) AFP - If people in the sleepy northern English town of Kidsgrove ever wondered why their letters went missing, the jailing of postal worker Nicholas Fryer for stealing 133,000 items of mail might have provided an answer.
2	Retail Reports on Wall Street's Plate (AP) AP - It always seems a little premature to talk about the holiday season while the Thanksgiving menu is still in the planning stages, but there'll be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings.
0	Leaving slums of Paris, two Muslim teens turn to waging jihad PARIS -- The two teenage friends hardly seemed like Islamic radicals. They smoked marijuana, drank beer, listened to rap music, and wore jeans.
3	Space capsule crashes Genesis, payload of solar particles slam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Genesis space capsule and its precious cargo -- billions of particles from the sun -- crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday in a last-minute bungling of a near-flawless, three-year scientific odyssey.
1	Montreal Expos to Become the Nationals With Move to Washington The Expos would become the Nationals with a move to Washington next season and wear red, white and blue uniforms, Major League Baseball and team officials said during a press conference.
0	French hostages  #39;still alive #39; The two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq were still alive a few days ago and are likely to be freed, France #39;s foreign minister said last night.
2	Update 1: Philippine Shares Close Lower Philippine shares finished lower Wednesday on selling triggered by a clutch of negative financial news and the steep fall of blue-chip Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. #39;s American depositary receipts, traders said. 
2	Dollar hits a new low despite strong growth The US dollar dropped to a new all-time low yesterday against the euro, which rose to \$1.3335 even as new figures showed that US economic growth in the third quarter was stronger than previously estimated.
2	Salvation Army Red Kettle campaign begins The Salvation Army is still hoping this season will be merry, even though it has fewer places to ring bells and fewer volunteers. The Salvation Army kicked off its red kettle campaign at Fourth Street Live today.
0	Ukraine's Kuchma Calls for Calm on Eve of Poll  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing president on Saturday  implicitly called on people to vote for his prime minister in a  close presidential race and told them to shun any protests  urged by the opposition candidate.
1	Japan celebrates Suzuki breaking record Baseball fans across Japan Saturday honored Ichiro Suzuki, the Seattle Mariners #39; Japanese player who broke major league baseball #39;s record for a season #39;s hits.
1	No Free Passes With three teams in the preseason top four and six in the top 25, the ACC is loaded this year. However, it &lt;em&gt;is&lt;/em&gt; the preseason, and &lt;em&gt;nothing &lt;/em&gt;is certain in college basketball.
0	China angrily rejects Taiwan's peace overture (AFP) AFP - China angrily rejected Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's peace overtures, saying Beijing's stance was unchanged and warning that Chen risked  quot;great catastrophe quot; by pushing for independence.
2	Waltham jobs moving to Billerica BILLERICA -- General Electric Co.'s  quot;sensing quot; business is setting up its world headquarters in Billerica, as it consolidates three area plants into one.
2	Ex-Prosecutor Becomes Chief at Firm in Crisis NEW YORK, Oct. 25 -- The new head of Marsh   McLennan Cos., Michael G. Cherkasky, has three key traits working in his favor: clean hands, a reputation for toughness and the right friends.
0	Navy Says Kerry's Service Awards OK'd (AP) AP - The Navy's chief investigator concluded Friday that procedures were followed properly in the approval of Sen. John Kerry's Silver Star, Bronze Star and Purple Heart medals, according to an internal Navy memo.
3	MyDoom Spreading Fast The latest variant of the MyDoom mass-mailing worm is spreading fast, even as security firms raise the worm #39;s threat assessment.
3	Will Fiorina Be Merger Casualty? Hewlett-Packard CEO #39;s job could be on chopping block along with 15,000 others if Compaq deal goes through. Watch  #39;Tech Live #39; Wednesday 3/20 at 9 pm Eastern for details.
3	10 facts you should know about outsourcing The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
2	Magellan assets fall \$496m in August Fidelity Investments #39; flagship equity fund, Magellan, saw assets slip about \$496 million in August, to \$61.9 billion, primarily a result of investor withdrawals.
3	Apple Recalls PowerBook Batteries Both the CPSC and Apple advised G4 customers affected by the fault to contact Apple immediately. Apple said it has made provision to supply replacement batteries free of charge by arrangement with the battery #39;s South Korean manufacturer, ...
3	Chinese TV Maker Sets Sights on Europe Urged on by China's government and armed with credit from state-owned banks and stock market listings, many Chinese manufacturers are going global.
1	McLeish on wrong side of the thin blue line TWO weeks ago, Alex McLeish was posing for the photographers at Murray Park with the Bank of Scotlands Manager of the Month award for November, savouring a period which had turned Rangers season around and seemed to have discarded any short-term 
3	Are We Puppets or Free Agents? Interpretations of the insanity plea have changed through the ages, but advances in neuroscience promise to redefine free will and personal responsibility, and change the way we think about punishment. By Rowan Hooper.
3	China launches science satellite China on Sunday launched a recoverable science experimental satellite into a preset orbit, atop a Long March 2C carrier rocket from a launch center in northwest China.
0	Sadr agrees to end Najaf crisis: Iraqi delegates BAGHDAD, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said on Wednesday that radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end the crisis in the holy city of Najaf, 160 km south of ...
3	FSF Faces New GPL Challenges (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - After 13 years, the Free Software Foundation will update the GPL, and the to-do list is a long one.
3	Red Hat Names New CFO as Class-Action Suits Loom More than two months after Red Hat #39;s chief financial officer resigned and the company announced a change in its accounting methods, the Linux distributor on Thursday named Charles E. Peters Jr.
2	Retailers Post Modest Gains in September NEW YORK Oct. 7, 2004 - The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain Thursday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
0	Parliament Speaker to Succeed Arafat (AP) AP - The Palestinian parliament speaker will become temporary president of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Yasser Arafat's death, PLO leaders decided Wednesday.
0	U.S. Men Stunned by Puerto Rico, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on Sunday, only the third Olympic loss ever for America and its first since adding pros...
0	Landmark 50 years for Guinness Book of Records LONDON : The global authority of record-breaking accomplishment, The Guinness Book of Records, celebrated Friday 50 years logging the poles of human achievement.
1	NCAA Game Summary - Iowa vs. Louisville Maui, HI (Sports Network) - Jeff Horner scored 18 points and Pierre Pierce added 16, as Iowa knocked off 12th-ranked Louisville, 76-71, in the opening round of the Maui Invitational at the Lahaina Civic Center.
1	Confidence crisis as McMillan caught in two minds Craig McMillan was an after-thought for the Australia tour and bolted into the Test team. Today he charged down the pitch and was betrayed by a cluttered mind - unsure whether to run or wait.
2	Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to US Data The dollar firmed slightly against the euro on Monday, recovering from last week #39;s record low and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their sights to economic data due later in the week.
2	Euro stops short of 1.30 dollars as officials raise rhetoric LONDON (AFP) - The euro wavered after failing to pierce the symbolic 1.30-dollar threshold, as eurozone officials expressed disquiet at the currency #39;s rise to record highs against the greenback.
0	ASEAN peace pact signing  #39;unlikely #39; PRIME Minister John Howard today said Australia was unlikely to sign a non-aggression pact with its Asian neighbours. The issue is reportedly causing tension ahead of Mr Howard #39;s visit to Laos for the ASEAN leaders #39; summit next week.
1	After many flops, Arsenal eyes domination in Europe Captain Patrick Vieira has challenged his Arsenal teammates to prove their Champions League credentials in tonight #39;s opening group game against PSV Eindhoven.
2	EDS postpones earnings release com 04-11-2004. Electronic Data Systems has postponed the release of its third quarter 2004 earnings for the second time, as it continues to negotiate with its auditor KPMG over the value 
3	Studios Step Up Fight Against Online Piracy (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help transmit illegally copied movie files across the Internet.
3	Leaner Longhorn Will Delay Microsoft Business Framework The vendor confirned that the delay in the release of its next-generation file system will also push back the release of the Windows programming layer.
0	Buttiglione regrets slur on gays The controversial incoming EU Justice Commissioner apologises for comments he made about gays and women.
1	Kuerten, Grosjean Drop Paris Masters (AP) AP - Three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten and Sebastien Grosjean pulled out of the Paris Masters with injuries Tuesday.
3	Technology worker opens shop for digital photos only PLANO, Texas - All Jeff Goulston wanted was a little job security. Having watched thousands of jobs get shipped overseas, the technology consultant saw his long-term prospects drying up.
0	President seeking opinion to find Kashmir solution: Rashid RAWALPINDI: Minister for Information and Broadcasting Sheikh Rashid Ahmed on Tuesday said President Pervez Musharraf was seeking opinion of the people on the Kashmir issue to find a solution to the long-standing problem.
2	Ore plan closer to fruition ANDREW Forrest #39;s dream of becoming a third iron ore force in the Pilbara moved a step closer yesterday. The Fortescue Metals chief executive last night announced the signing of three Chinese contracts supporting 
2	Unemployment down by 16,000 The number of people claiming unemployment benefit last month fell by 6,100 to 830,200, the Office for National Statistics said. Average earnings, including bonuses, increased by 3.8 in the year to July, down 
